You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I probably I'm the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can look at myself as farmer, or leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that fell somewhere.
You just have to turn the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's a painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bold . .
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in middle school, in Stewart, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
And they were beaten to bleed every week in the bathroom's toilet, until a teacher saved me.
She saved my life by allowing me to enter the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call of that teacher, the lady Post who said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never know.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I should tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join you with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cried, and we realized she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we were interested, and we take care of it, and we got rid of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so, as the woman who wanted to know as an adult, he became a box of cinders and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, had turned into a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about itself.
Epidemiologist is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that it was a lot of this.
It also needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I am trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first touches.
I was amazed.
My heart, fast, was marriage, trying to understand what was in front of me.
And I turned them around from the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't be able to think that it was a snowflake on another sort of snow in the year after year . .
And the tanks are born when they're described from glaciers or break the ice bars.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to stand up, and they're clinging up to the end, while others can't get it more and they demonstrate in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are isolated and lonely isolated, as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I approached these tons as if it's going to be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments exist in that way and not exist again that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not a end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the tanks that photograph is very young -- it's a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The latest pictures I'd like to show you are a transportation that I photographed in Kentucky, Greenland.
It's little frequent to actually get a broken iceberg.
Here it is.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the ship has moved on the other side, and the man is there.
This is a translator of Greenland, average size.
It's about water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so, you know, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a a baby . Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness themselves, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined by the X-ray of the egg.
And, in the other case, the chemical X chromosome joins the X-ray of the egg.
Both of them are in and started life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my, I tend to fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a studio historian, and what I study in this case is the way people love anatomy -- -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered body fluids, the idea of the body, what they thought about the body.
The other role I want to do in my work is activism, as patients's defense, or, as I say sometimes, implicit advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with symmetry twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with analysis, much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit in the male and female schools.
In general lines, we can call it infrastructure.
The infrastructure fits many forms.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the common or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with communical communication, whose SR gene of chromosome is telling the protection, which we all have in the fetal life, which becomes testes.
And then, in the fetal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But since this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the standard stability syndrome.
So, there are high testosterone levels, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When it's born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the benefits, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something's going on.
And after doing it, it turns out that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's actually not that way.
Women, like men, have in the body something called super-energy glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Supermassive glands produce anti-powered, the hormone of merely mercified.
Most women like me consider a typical woman; he doesn't know his crime structure; I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the anti-profit.
We produce anti-powered and respond to the advertising.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the strangers that the woman was born with testicles who have the standard of the numb of installation to the advertising.
So sex is something complicated . It's not that the installations are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old guy born, and raised as they were going; he had a girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a guy, and he had just discovered he had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme way of a disease known as a conventional superconductive hyperterrine.
He had 20th-century chromosomes, and in the uterus the supermarket glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, his genitals were marginally marginally marked, their brain was exposed to typically male component.
He was born with aspects of children; nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having medical problems caused by internal menstrual, when doctors found that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of an unemployment case.
Some people with the 20th crystallers develop what's known as a speaker, which is, they have the orchestra tissue wrapped in a testing tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies are a non-lethal, or similar twins, or inspiration they are suffering to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you have a lot of surgery is that you're a threat for our social categories.
The system is based normally in the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly, being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
It's a terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalyst.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuality.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people in a body.
The largest recent case is last year with the Saudi Seman corridor, and it was put in the trial of judgment in the Brother International Games.
A lot of journalists called to ask me,``What do you test to do to determine whether Costa Semi is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't touch a line between men and women or men and women and women and women and women, we who are we trace that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more we move the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that corresponds directly with stable conditions -- they are much more spread than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What would we do about the fact to spread from them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we progress in science, we become increasingly more time in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the areas of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today are struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human becomes, and it has different rights to the fetus.
There are arguments that are very adapt today, but it's not in public, but I know within medicine, when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to check them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of it, they put a feather in front of the nose, and if you move you still not buried it.
If I stopped moving you buried.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And, as a consequence, we have to deal with the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have simple categories in the past . .
And maybe you think that this catalog explosion could be flatted to someone like me.
In politics, I'm progressive, and you know, people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
Now, I'll see that these categories are much more unstable than we thought to me.
Tend from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension, I have to admit that I am a feedback of the founding fathers.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I me, I find myself every so seeing that music curriculum, and not by music, which is totally passive.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the founding fathers.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as everybody remembers, what our founding fathers was the idea of monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
Old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were the idea that it came to the political power by the right of blood transmitted from the grandfather to father and then the child, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field, and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common, and not the analogies . That was something very radical.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of a illusion system where they were spending two things.
And it was demonstrating democracy, and at the same time, the science was.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding fathers, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were discussing the supernatural explanations, and so they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power transmitted by an idea of birth rights.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, you talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, they were transforming the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And, by doing that, they were feeling the foundation of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years ago?
And women succeeded.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Subura Tradition hall, who said,``Am I a woman? ''
We found men in the row of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I a man . ''
Again, people of color that would support anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference, and again, succeeded.
We see the same with the Discrimination movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidences, we need to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we had to get into the anatomy.
I don't mean that five years old, they had to allow them to have sexual relationships or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of these things in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine one of them, Mary, was born three months before: the one in June 1980.
Henry, in contrast, was born in terms: he was March 1 of 1980.
For the only fact that they've been born three months before Mary is attributed every three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because I have a different biological age, but because it was born.
We found other ranks in relation to their rights . .
Henry, in virtue of being considered by man -- -- if I haven't told you if it's 39, in virtue of being considered, man is now passive from the mandatory storage that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in every state, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in several ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of anatomy that we have to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escapes.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude,``Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have a chromosome, and that to marry a woman, you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't do chemical tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the installation syndrome to the advertising.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech``I Health"offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people,``not the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it??
How do we judge people based on the content of their character??
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee rights to people, because I have to admit that I know some of the governments are going to redefine that they probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that perhaps some radios that I know can make more informed, intelligent, mature decisions about their sexual relationships that people in 40 I I . .
So how do we put the issue of the character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, perhaps with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point??
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know about it is that it seems to be very important that the United States will continue to guide this resource current in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense defense, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iranian where a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to take a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to a couple of years ago that I had done a similar twin light, and then separate them, and that's going to activate his fame.
But when the phone asked me the reason for the operation was a very risky operation, I said that in that other country, these kids would be very battered, and so I had to do it.
And I said,``Well, have you considered the political asylum rather than surgical separation? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are not forcing them to change for the sake of state.
So I think we have to be to the head.
Well, to finish I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist, and it's that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomic technologies, in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in inequality, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transformational studies is that women, on average, not all of them, but on average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in the grad, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist, I considered me feminist, as a child.
\" Tell me what the feminist has about female . ''
And I thought,``It's the dumbest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to look at the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist . ''
But the more I I've been thinking about, the more I've been thinking about it, the more I've seen there's something female in the feminist.
That is, there could be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very attentive to finding the way to protect people from the state, it's possible that, having invented more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support.
And perhaps that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond anatomy: to think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, to think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect union, think about what we do by each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, I have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, at this point we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver it to the world, perhaps hundreds, of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them for apartment buildings.
Imagine half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were property, and the other half would still be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to increase in all the existing buildings.
But you know the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have norms to avoid the molecules and the building distractions.
So it would be very difficult to do all these expansions.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place, they make the construction rather than put it.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of big enough reform to contain cities and gave them a name: cities.
Later I found out that more or less at the same time, Jack and Ocean were thinking about the challenge of Hollywood reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 horrors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to wonder what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras went through a defense constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, , Peter Loui is able to adapt to a platform where I promise reform and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October that he was his boss of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a huge amount of testing with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, such as those rules that say that you can't go and beat all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it's needed as much of technologies like norms to make progress, and usually the rules that prevent us.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Jack.
They called me.
They said,``Let's put this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City . Notice that, in some cases, it's worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a lower city is a place where you start with developed terrain, a statue that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those standards.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, and this is important, this could be the way for our country to move forward.
I was asked to go to Catholic and talk back four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the honorest that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that's at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applauded sure.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Rome, thank you for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials, that a new city can provide new options for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could go in in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away north to North.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government need to need the help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them to establish and fulfill the standards of the statue, so that they could all trust the structure that the statue is forming.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could take a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly later, January 19, they voted in Congress to deliver their constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow these special development regions.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was 124 to one.
All the parties, all the fluctuations in society, they backed it.
To include the constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February passed over again in another vote, from 1484 to one.
Immediately after voting , 21 to February 24, a decline of about 30 horrors went to the two places in the world that are more interested in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that's building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country in the city building is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical mode, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and they would allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allowing its Court Supreme to be the court of the last one for this new criminal system.
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies who wanted to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world, there are 700 million people who say they'd like to immediately change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go get a job; sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases in a decade.
So what do you seem to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What do you seem to think about insist so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my horizontal friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesus, and this is my.
But before I showed you what's inside, , I to do a public confession, and it's that I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and post in my blog, attacked, colorful, different times.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of flood markets and second-hand stores.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my to the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause; I think it's unique; and buy becomes my personal search for teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it from my shop?
Would I like color?
I'll cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to my courage, I want to tell you what I'm packing for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does someone get all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
International clothing for exactly a week is all I put in my.
I was imagining that it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks around TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe or not, I learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars . .
All the set, including the jacket, was 55, and it's the most expensive I've used in the week.
Monday: the color is energy . .
It's almost physically impossible to be in bad humor, when you're looking at a bright red display.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is surprised.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, not only will you understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Wednesday: Guatemala from the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disasters, or I remind them to their seven years.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: The trust is the key . .
If you think you're okay with something, it's almost secure you are.
And if you think you don't see anything, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood its meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, , there's no look at you.
So there's no excuse for anyone of this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Video: A real universal truth for you: The golden lens go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: Developing a personal style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just because of what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations.
This is obviously not going to go into my little value.
So before I went home, to Brooklyn, I will donate everything.
Because the lesson that I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things.
I don't need to emotionally support these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the approach of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So, where are your brain on this scale?
Some of these would take for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the attempts of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big apple in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not to be mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, as most of the other experimental physical physicists, we need pretty much a lot of logic to fit these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them and then we see how they react, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you can have developed with the years of years is that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
He was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell.
But I bet that play with that structure bar taught him a valuable lesson, which is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that can have the world, except that you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with barriers of parking, they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was found by a few years ago -- needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But it didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That wasn't very good at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particle.
But it didn't fit right to my logic.
Because if it's all made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then it shouldn't be to follow the principles of quantum mechanics??
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand a little bit . It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little bit of metal.
What we see is a little metal piece of metal, and it's going to be supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this radiation of swimming pollination, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in quantum overlap, but for it, it needs a bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
That is, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companions of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that's swimming it and the wind that goes on to the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn out the lights, then we introduced an air, and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're only in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want . .
So we measure their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating, and the way that it was vibrating was like a breathing like this -- like a failure that expands and contract.
And when you give it a soft push, we could make it vibrate and don't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant thing doesn't come at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case: all the trillion atoms that consume that piece of metal are still still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's only at certain times when those are aligned.
At the rest of time, they're demonstrated.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting into a clean room to do this for all of those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between a single atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logic that speaks.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was demonstrated in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it up, and we turned the lights and look inside the box, and we saw that the metal kept there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things around you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound weirdness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And 18 months ago, I did another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my my, and it allowed me to take it on.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are lots of stories from why we did it.
I think my own story is explained simply in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
I got a lot of education -- I'm not complaining, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and art works.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology . .
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better to show you the demo, and then you'll tell you a couple of interesting things that we've taken on their launch.
So, just, we go to Google.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the University gallery, the MoMA, the England, the Ripus, the Google Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple . .
Let's click, and,``Pain ,"we already in the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you are fun.
Do you want to navigate by the museum??
We opened up the plane on top, and, with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep ahead . That's fun!
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Hearts"by Peter Brazil in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
See, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the genome technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What's 10 billion pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 billion pixels.
It can make around very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to go deep . .
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``Wait a moment, this seems interesting . ''
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I looked at a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is to hit an ocean with a party the Tuesday Tuesday . .
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper, and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get away the image, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is coming, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night string . ''
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece???
It increases it and really.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this square, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the night stressed ,"I think I'd never seen it before . .
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called Collection.
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that's the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come into -- -- I've created this function that I call``The Power of the Eglie"-- we just made a zoo around.
It's about the National Gallery in London.
You can do things, send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you're feeling about contemplating these masterpiece works.
So in conclusion, I think to me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, you do justice to your artwork and it's just represented online.
And the big question you're doing today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon to everybody.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom, but the reason I'm showing you this is that there's been something very interesting in the race of Formula 1 in the last two decades . .
And there's some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of formula 1, it took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what, in engineering, is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an acceleration.
The interesting thing is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered of networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers outdoors.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
Now, the cities are big.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palm Anno for the year at MoMA, during summer.
It's called``Talk . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk.
It's kind of like almost all the existing atoms that become sensors and actuators.
And that's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo scan scanned the Moses, it says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it into the Moses -- you can still see a little melt underneath and he said,``Park don't stop? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insist on the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a very lucky summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of them remember, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the Zipcar, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
So here we see the city . .
You see the Collider in the middle and the Rio River.
It's tomorrow, before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
At the early evening there are people over here and there making calls, moving.
It starts the party: silence . .
Gollar from France . Goliath from Italy.
And the people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of the regular time.
First extra time, second.
Zipcar, and in a moment, the head . .
Gab Italy, yeah!!
That night they all went to celebrate it at the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of the minister.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called Massachusett Circuit where, from the romantic time, people will celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another rapid example of detection: it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with some volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing out -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are in any way.
Then we put a little chip, one tag, the garbage, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle ...
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
There are complicated things happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup we're throwing doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we take one day still still.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asia British, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zarn.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine you have a coffee and valves, solar valves, languages that open up and close.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you drop the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, text . .
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Belleft mayor.
He liked it a lot.
And I set up a commission to design the building at the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you're approaching it, you can go through.
The roof is also covered of water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the sacrifices, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
There will always be someone, in the winter, when they go down the roof, someone who was there and said,``Decision the building . ''
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture disappears.
Here's how it works.
You see the people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying not to get wet by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Barbara came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open to go through, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump out not to move.
( People' noise) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projects on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each had a little pixel that changes color as if it were a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video . .
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, different kinds of resolution.
And then all that could have a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is true Florida controlled, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light comes up, it looks like this . The same thing we saw before . .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollywood -- the best ballet dancers of today, the Stanford star of the New York Scala star to capture their 3D movements and use them as an entrance for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolutions.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can reconstruct the entire movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics Games.
It's called the Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a creature of clouds like the grain of big, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donated a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we move from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, as knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, from the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do you go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud, it's pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered by pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see it from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can upload, as a new top of London.
You can get there.
Like if it was a new digital foot at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes on top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are???
Suppose I told you that, with only one changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in a better way, be stronger, have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure yourself?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What do you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: Creativity .) Creativity.
How many people will choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
First of all . It's probably the number of creative people.
That's really good . .
How many will do memory?
A few more.
What about physical state??
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor . .
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination??
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a personal topic here at TED Conference, but today I want to give you the look at a doctor about the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED, Dohawkh, which was in addition to the Russian Orientation Church, wrote a essay called``Nothing in biology makes sense to the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at one end, is, of course, the most.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimps about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervention, there has been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some of them have gone and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old . .
We might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin; but it's the same protein, chemically industrial, that comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take in the most bacteria intestine than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damain raises the self-design -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very aggregated.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want no effort from their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional interaction of some force advantage to the output.
But, of course, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what was the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or will we become something different, perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast, unintended symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief bomb -- the animal kingdom, as a single and unique compassion, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you enjoyed it.
When I came up with college, I my my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in the military organisms, every cell simply divides and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens, the rest of the body becomes predictive.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was college student, I thought,``Well, sex, sex, death for sex, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I went up, I had more doubt . ''
I came to understand George Burns feelings, which still was in Las Vegas, in their 90 years.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, he finds a magnificent light dancer.
He looks at it, and he says,``I came for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"he says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily control, just different . .
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is about spending the genome to the next generation -- adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reformers that are designed to send the genetic burden to the next level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling of Woody Allen when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity . .
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or stronger or faster or even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the strange bacteria that you can survive the heat of the supermarkets that will produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum, yet they've managed to do that a agenda environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase, I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been dismissed and eliminated from the population.
And second, as a species, we've raised our environment to adapt to us as we as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrated, we close, and we're moving so much that it's no longer possible to have the evolution required for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional, natural kind of evolution driven by nature forces.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution slow down, but they're inevitable.
And in terms of isolation, when we're able to collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, strategic possibility.
The regulating call, new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we're going to take.
Now, how could this happen???
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual and family level.
They also think that if it could be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring, but in their own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the app?
Don't you want to make those changes in their genes??
If you look at the future, that kind of changes will be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and took 13 years.
It cost 2.3 billion dollars . .
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months . .
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost near 20,000 dollars and in a week.
It won't need a lot of so that you can actually make human genome for $1,000 and be increasingly closer to all of you.
Those changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us of themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe, or there's no an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influenza of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's reality today and the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just two other little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your offspring??
And if you could change sperm and valves, or change the filed egg, and give your children a better opportunity for a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, eliminate homophobia, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent disease to prevent disease is going to allow us to also embrace the series of hypothetical shorts -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Jenner Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a faster contract muscle that allows us to run faster and more distances??
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irrational.
And when we're in conditions of this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to become evolution of before in the regulation.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or their grandchildren's grandchildren, are going to have to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more randomness?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about everything: we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions wisely?
For good or bad, and before what I could think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall . .
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor clicking, click, click.
Clap, click, click, click . It sounds terrifying.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I sat in the Hall.
It was the only one that could talk to flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had watched the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot rings the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
It took out the motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The most disappearing words I've heard.
He said,``Preserve for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk about the flight assistant.
I could see it in their eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself.
I learned that everything changes in an instant . .
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and I never had.
While I was thinking about that later, I came a phrase, which is,``Collective college . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person's there, I will open it up.
I don't want to blow anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid the George Washington bridge, which was not a lot of -- I thought about,``Oh ,"I really feel a great weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also welcome my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people that mattered.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to have reason; I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I, I had the feeling of, Wow, I die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad . .
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness became a single thought, which is, I just want one thing.
I wish I could see my my kids grow.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not much artistic talent -- -- still, and scream, as a little.
And to me, that was all of the reason the world.
At that point, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
At all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I came up with a miracle, not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live otherwise.
You're flying to you today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What would they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever???
How would they change their relationships and negative energy on them?
And most importantly, are you being the best parents you can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDx was one of the most important graffiti graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came home after he ran and he said,``Dad, I feel a form on the legs . ''
And that was the start of ALS . .
TEDx has a total paralysis.
It can only use the eyes . .
His job influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation firm, so obviously graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are they going to do with him? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again . .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, don't I see Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anyone to see the movie``Scale and butterfly"?
They communicate in that way -- they're going to take it with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I introduced myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that didn't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at that particular moment,``All right, this is the treatment: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to do his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate . ''
So I talked about a lecture a couple of months later . .
I met these guys called GDP Research, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then, with a laser pointer, draw over that and register the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with bad words, after the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organizations and a lot of moving things from one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TEDx could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call it YouTube, because when I talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring up to seven programmers around the world literally of all the corners of the planet to our home.
My wife, the children and I, moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programs and conservatives and anti-powered and admired control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we were back back, the squares of the walls and in their place would have graffiti.
But for two weeks, we, we went to the shipping of Venice, my son was part, my dog, and we created this.
It's called Aduander, and you can see the description.
It's a couple of cheap sunglasses that we buy in the shipping of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Home Depertop and Radio Shack.
We take a PMS camera, we open it up on a LED light, and now there's a device that's free -- it builds yourself; you post the free code the software is free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There is no hospital that can say``no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is somebody else, and that's their room.
There was all this bureaucracy and attack during the great opening.
And after a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall from the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what the feeling was in parking . .
The funny thing was we had to break in the parking, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me and would take me out there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful??
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing . .
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we are trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won many awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were from the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle is that in April of this year at the Geographic of the MAP in downtown Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art on the Street . ''
And``art on the streets"is going to have the best exposures of the Bangladesh urban art, Schultaton France, CAO all of them are there . .
TEDx is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you look at something that's not possible, it makes it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Cuba, was not possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with ocular recognition technology; I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people so that it could happen.
And these are the questions that I want everybody to do every day when we find something we feel that you have to do . If it's not, when? And if you're not me, who???
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years, and I've spent in usually very difficult situations, and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to prison -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous . .
I film in the war areas -- difficult and dangerous . .
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in much of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that looks light and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsor, I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a plane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the following is:``Ahmed South NGO: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is, and the content I could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company.
But said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress, by the way.
So even with that salvation, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year, I wouldn't have been able to tell them.
But in the new film I'm working on, we examining the world of marketing, from advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've put myself in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could be prepared, nothing could anticipate me, for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spinolut: I want to make a film that deals with the production of products, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with product and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest Solve Movement ever sold . ''
What happens in``The Large Forest ever sold"is that everything from the top, in principle, has a brand images, all the time -- from the audience that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Quant State, the Center Center.
These people would be associated with the persuasion to perceived -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kashmurd: It's redundant .) So what? (MK: It's redundant .) A.
I'm a redundant nightmare.
It was``A Persistence . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X brand sponsor in the title, but we are going to make sure we can take all the categories that we can in film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe you've used.
The most great car that you've been driving in``The Large Film movie ever sold ,"the best piece you've been drinking, is the court of``The largest sold ever sold . ''
Schammon Kohory: The idea is, in addition to showing the brands as part of life, to make it finance? (MS: Making you finance film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The whole film goal is transparency.
You'll see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, the whole film, from principle to end.
And I would love that CCR will help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Guy: However, I don't know how happy people are going to be people.
XL: You've got a perspective -- I don't know if you``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea .) David Combai: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DJ: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, perhaps for the moment that the movie comes out, we see a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Redwood: Most of the answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: -- it means you're not very optimistic . .
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Okay . (MK: Okay .) Amazing.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge . When you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) Support the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn out the camera"meant we have a conversation outside of a microphone.
It turns out,``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And that was, one for one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought that the concept of advertising, it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea to tell with that new attention of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garbage mistake and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for Google transparency images, this is one of the first images that come out.
I like your way of rolling, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days . .
Our politicians name it, the pressure, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to it, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency is afraid -- like that weird bear that's still running.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky . .
What else is it risky?
Let's eat a whole bowl of Cool White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the businesses and telling you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell the story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he's looking at me as he used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There is your story, there is my story, and there is the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kinsake, many years ago I I I I I had to go on my mind, I would have to take the interest and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to look at suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who do big, huge, giant films and others who do small, independent movies like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giants, say the reason why their films are so successful is because of the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Okay, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movies of Hollywood??? ''
And the movie is called``The largest Solve Movement ever sold . ''
How are we going to see Ben in the movie?
Every time I'm going out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Ben Deserance.
At any time during an interview with someone, can say,``Are you fine for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you calm.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before interview . ''
And there I would offer you one of these fabulous shots.
So much``Floring Fingerpled"as``Places of Paradise"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman; solid, ball, bar, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a protected look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
It's similar to the smallest kind of films that you count; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like that, you know, remember Benjamin to people is the reason why this is interested.
MS: What words would you use to describe Ben?
Bank's in white . .
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Superconductive technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in armpits.
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh.
I think``cool"is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus``combat the smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cold . .
How do we keep you cold more time? With better freshness, more crusting, three times cooler.
Things like those who are missing the benefits.
MS: And that's a multicelling company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes . .
Woman: Remove the 1980s, paper paper unless it's a lover day.
MS: Okay, what is the Greenland brand?
German: Something unique . (MS: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glacier.
I like dark colors, lots of gray colors and things like that.
Usually I carry accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic convention, Mercus Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand that I am, is called casual flow.
Woman 2: In a hippie, in part of the hole, in part of the Boyoto, I, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets . .
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my.
In my little section, that's my.
Man 4: My, my brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Familiar school failed.
Is that something?
lawyer: I a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify myself in the dark glamorous intersection.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my, , someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Ologish Zactopicy in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelson, February, Hallmark to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Abed: The photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me of that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come out and start in a place, and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: This was the best day of my life.
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and way to be?
MS: It's like who I wanted to be . .
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why"is that?
What's the machine?, what phase you find now?
Why is it important to reset? What does the red?
Tell me a little bit about that . .
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have had?
You don't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster are you??
MS: Air! (A Thank you) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work) A: Yeah . (MS: Thank you very much .) Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
Linda Zaleis: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the brand Morgan Spilah is a conservative brand.
They spread very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strengths or in the other rather than focusing on both.
Many companies tend to avoid -- and it's human nature to avoid the things that they're not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a drink and make something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is classic, Apple.
And you can see it also here to Target, Wii, Mini Counter and Jeopardy.
Now there are playful brands and consent brands, those things that they've gone and came, but a recording brand is quite powerful.
MS: A sensing brand . What's your brand??
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would it be??
Are you a assembly attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow???
Or are you a deep attribute?
A bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
The alcoholic attributes are like being playful as the principle, contemporary, adventure, attacker or audacious like Eric Florida, rapid or agile, profane, promise, magic or mystical like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than a decent attribute??
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 700,000?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, , do you identify with Oprah???
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, safe, conservative or wisdom, like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, alcoholisms and descendants, who said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control of the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for film.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned the open-air advertising.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no valleys, no cards, no laws, nothing.
And we went to school districts where businesses are doing the way in schools with the problems of liquidity problems in America.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or I've been more successful are those I've interacted with with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interventions, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think that it's going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did they have gone? Did they succeed??
Well, since the movie is struck at the Foundation Festival, we take a look.
According to Burkers, the movie are struck in January, and since this is, we haven't had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covered just a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's not online . It's not in the ground.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies we talk about to their customers will not be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that pushing them into failure.
I think when you train their employees at the risk to the risk, it's preparing the whole company to make rewards.
I feel that what's going to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to be afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, to move forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
We open fear . We open the risk.
From a hip at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And, in fact, we have to alter transparency.
Today more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And he said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``We embrace transparency ,"has been presented by my good friends of Exploration who for 7,000 dollars of 1,800 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
ECG: It's going to convert big data into large businesses for the world.
Exploration is``Applause Transportation . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 7,000 dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a check on behalf of the TED maternal organization, the Saveline Foundation, a cheese for $7,700 to be applied to my next year.
The idea behind the Stevelybeing IT worm is actually very simple . .
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the U.K. emergency plant in National National . .
The gray boxes that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we can engage these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with centrifuge.
gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer, it's used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, so we are ready . .
This is the plan behind the Stewart.
We started with a Windows installation.
The orbit income to the gray box, damages the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is demonstrated; empathized mission.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating about Stevel six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you know is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the facility used multiple very foreign vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stewart, and we saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Steve behaved as a lab of lab that he didn't like our cheese: the wave, but he didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese, I realized, and I thought,``This is a targeted attack . ''
It's completely run . . ''
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
It doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we discussed the attack code, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs: a little and big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the dots that I attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the State installing is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the payload is very complex.
It's very much above everything we've seen before.
So here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old language language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at initially was called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate them to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need the theories about destinations that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely violent sale, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of goals in that area.
It basically boils into the Bush nuclear power plant and the National Energy plant plant.
So I said to my assistant,``Three of all experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
He called them and he made them in an effort to match their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well . .
So we were able to associate the little digital piece with the control of the rotor.
The rotor is that moving part of the centrifuge, that black object that you see.
If you manage the speed of this portrait, you can certainly break it and even make the spine stack.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and declare in an effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this rapidly.
We tried to figure out the big digital anger looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 140 submissis in that code, it can't be obvious.
So I started investigating scientific literature about how these centrifuge are built in National, and found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 140 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet . .
These conferences in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code??
Pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there's no misunderstanding.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in the streets without exit, and we had to start back.
Yet, we found that both digital evidence pointed on one and same goal, but from different angles.
The little bit is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors turn and release, and the big line communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we have determined what the destination is . .
It's Natalie, and it's just National . .
We shouldn't worry that other goals are hit by Stuxnet.
Here's a very interesting thing that we saw, really impressed me.
That's the gray box, and up the top, you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still runs during attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake entry data are prevented by Stuxnet.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security chamber feeds from video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to erase the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive . .
The idea is to cut a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast . .
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines get speed, you have to open up electrode valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can exploit.
And the operators nor the security system will notice.
That scares.
But it can be worse . .
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic . .
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium performance.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic . .
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- which will design this payload with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stewart.
You could also use conventional worms technology to disseminate it.
It's more possible.
And if you did that, what you'd end up with is a cyber destruction cyber.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to confront the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the Massacre is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langley: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay . Okay.
My view is that the Massacree is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The motor behind this is cyber superpower.
There is a single, and that's the United States, luckily, luckily . .
Because otherwise our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you for launching . Thank you, Ralph.
And I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken, and it can give you human skills, or another one that makes a wheelchair users get up and walk.
In Berkeley Bible, we called these robots, expectations.
It's nothing different than something you put in the morning, it gives you a big force, which is also increases your speed, and help you, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now, what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take over their back a load of 45 pounds, and it's being managed to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the Hughould -- or Portugal Cartory.
Soldier: With the Hughan exoskeleton, I 90 pounds by variable land for many hours.
Your flexible design, it allows you to put in crash knives and run movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Eye Benjamin: We are ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year . .
That's a reality.
Let's go back now to look at the wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate . .
There are 68 million people around, in wheelchair chairs around the world.
It's like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that is multiple rapidly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complexity -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from its successful emergence, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELAM that is using Amanda Bobotz who was 19 years ago had an injury in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boboth: Thank you . .
EB: Amanda is using our LLCRony, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
They're completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give the motors to the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft and natural pointer.
AB: I was 24 years on the top of my life when, by a stranger leap in the air, skiing down the top of it.
In a fraction of second, I lost everything and all movement from the pelvis down.
Shortly later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
And so I stole to the last piece of hope of my self.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to slide down the ground in ski, rock rock, and even ride on hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, until now . .
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the wheelchair users, everyone.
AB: Thank you . .
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Federal Man Festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos forests.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest lives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've been too excited in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But Bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power . .
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't yet observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of big apes.
They live in the depths of the rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tension itself -- scenario of violent conflict that has been programmed for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat meat trade and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are still in the world -- and honestly we are not sure.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by getting the trees.
Who are these cousins??
We know them as the apes``make love, not war, not war, because they have frequent, promise and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kamen Survival.
Bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their life . .
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, and for them, play is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
With him we learn how to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with diversity generation -- diversity of interactions, behaviors of behaviors, connections diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild.
First, it's a Bonobo style game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution.
Look what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``It's got the balls . ''
I just believe that in this case to him, you love it, right???
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like testicles and also how the game requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is policy.
The game is police, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- perhaps the place where the wonder is.
And I want you to see -- this is Fusher, a young female, who's playing with water.
I think, like, sometimes we play alone, and explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our common currency.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our game capacity?
Play is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, it can be the times that it's the most urgent.
So, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we as we redefined creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain assistant in a body of voluntary firemen.
And in our city, where volunteers are connected to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going . .
But there was still a race against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was stuck in a conversation with the landlord that certainly was one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, in picture, declaration, while her home was in flames.
The other volunteer that just arrived before I was, called Lelly Luther, came first to the captain, and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog! I was so jealous . ''
There was a lawyer or a gas gesture that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I walked into a building in the call to save a living living just because they won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an assault.
He said,``I need to be in the house.
I need it to go up, go back the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the actual firemen ,"that at that height, they had finished off the fire and went into the main room looking for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back down the ladder where I met my Namibia and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We took out of the house the treasures for the house of the house where, as it was to wait, his treasure got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of the house by the courageous effort to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at on the other was that somebody had reached it even a couple of shoes . .
So much in my vocation in Robin Hood, as in my vocation as a volunteer, I witness acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of the acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're to achieve, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you about this: don't wait.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a dining, clean up a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we are going to influence somebody's life.
So you go into the game; you save shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, came back . .
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I a great fan block administrator.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build larger things than we, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time . .
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO did this.
It was called automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, LIGO bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that you've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible . .
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell Labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks attached each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows the transistor to create much greater and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
Let me show you how they work.
Little lives are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that you join magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
Labels have a code of color.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green, and you can very quickly begin to do larger circuits.
A blue with one green produced light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulatory.
If we change the button by a pulse module, it's here, and now we have an intelligent light.
We added this time to create more impact and have a noise machine.
I'll stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literature are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and fill, literature allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to blink faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes your pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literature is that it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to reduce bricks to use.
Lucks, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given literature to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
So for example, how a light works, or why the door of an elevator stays open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken literature to design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with literature as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and football bottles, we have George creating ...
( Metal sound) So a few weeks ago we took literature to the designers of Rhode Island's design School, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that they've done, an active conference cannon.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a locker made of planner that's afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, literature became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the fingertips of all . .
So, literature has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the files of design and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
It's the distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue better to leave the video.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I've got time?
Okay . Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that's all supposed to stop; we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Code for America, and it would be like a people of Peace for technologists.
We select some members every year, and we put them to work with the municipal.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild world.
They made great apps; they worked with municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
It's a hydrant of the city of Boston . .
So here it appears as if it's looking for a quote, but what really looks for is someone's clean it when it's caught by the snow, because it knows it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a subway meter.
How did it come to ask this very unique way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of Code for America.
They were there in February, and at that time, I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned up these hydrogens.
But one of the members called Erik Microsofts noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with words right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, he developed an application.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept that when you snow.
When you do it, you put a name, in this case you put Al.
If you don't, someone can rotate it.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programs last year.
But it does something that no other technology of government does.
And it spreads viral.
So a sense of systems from the city of Honolulu City when you see this application realized that it could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami.
It's very important that these tsunami mermaid works, but people steal the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them . .
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to wake up the department.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organically and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, it doesn't usually happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years . .
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then we were told to have done by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the Jackinea power of California that all the time has cost 2,000 billion dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an application that is programmed in a couple of days and spread viral form is a kind of warning to the government institution.
It suggests the better way to work, not as private companies, as many people think it should be.
Neither as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important . .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of a resilient institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only a Code for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain, fix it.
And these people know something we've lost.
And it's that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at DHVA and all those other things that put us crazy, government is, essentially, in Tim Oringa words,``What we do together because we can't . ''
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask them to rebuild it, because things are changing . .
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And because the government in the last emotional issue of us remember that from``We, the people ,"the way to think it will affect change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started this.
And as a lot of people, I thought the government was to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that government is, especially, a matter of radio.
This is the phone care center and information center.
It's the place that the so-called 11th mark in the U.S.
Scott did this call.
I put``Zeridaye"in the official knowledge base.
I found nothing . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open up the doors of the house, put music right and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So the Scott.
But that was not the end of the sares.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an application, web and cell phone called Cyconographic Connecticut.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the New urban Mechanical Medical Office.
One day, this happened really, it came,``Zero in my garbage cube . I don't know if she's dead . .
How do I do it? ''
Convention Connecticuting dynamics is different.
Scott was talking about people.
In Citizens Connecticut, it's all public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said,``I went to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarache? Yeah . Girl? Yes.
I went back the cube . I went home . .
Good evening, saud . ''
Quite simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of governance as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to be able to help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but the government had a key role.
I connected two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being needed but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we the communities.
If we call the animals control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other . .
That our entry system is the vote.
How many times they have chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps us out of that as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in consequence we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we have to make bureaucracy sensual.
Because it's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Occupying movement.
Have you seen them??
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the SETI of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned in the government, it's time that we wonder what the world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do they really believe that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all??
We cannot grow government, we need to be more effective . .
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to rethink the function of governance so that it can expand to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act, only the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to reports, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about; they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot to do your voices.
They're using the hands . .
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrant, taking weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a free inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned up those hydrogens and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not only consumers, we are not only government consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizen.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, are we going to be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and in death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there is a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus, has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things you say here has impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is truly important.
So here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a professor can make a lot of sense, but if you teach with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable, can make a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job . .
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power . .
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started many of the arguments in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves . .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1848.
She was born about 1980 and his experience with slavery as I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was little, and I looked at it, she came up to me and I was a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then I would get away.
One or two hours later, I went back to look, he came up to me and he said,``Break, do you feel my hug? ''
And if I told him that no, I would grab myself again, and if I said yes, it left me.
I had this human quality that I always wanted to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was less than 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture your time and your attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So he looked at it and smiles him, but she was really serious.
After 15 minutes, she stood up, went through the room, and he took me in my hand and he said,``Come on, Brazil . We're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday . .
I will never forget it . .
He took me out and he said,``Briga, you'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mary . . ''
She said,``Now make sure you won't do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, looked at me, looked at me and said,``I want you to know that I've been looking at you . ''
And I said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do what you want . ''
I will never forget it . .
Then he said,``I just want me to promise three things, Brazil . ''
I said,``Sure, Mary . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise is that you always want to want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my, and you have to promise that you will always take care . ''
As I love my mom, I said,``Yes, Mary, so I will . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is . ''
And I thought,``Yes, Mary . So I'll do it . ''
Then he finally said,``The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mary, so I will . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, and I have a brother a older year and a sister a year . .
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beers, I don't know where I pulled them out, I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just came up with the lockers.
He took a beer service, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on, and you're always doing the same thing as we do.
I've taken something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I don't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
And I kept looking at me with strength and kept going,``Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with Mary . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mama tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I was dead.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say . .
I know this will spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken an alcohol droplet.
I don't say this is a virtue; I say it by the power that identity has . .
So when we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see meaning.
We can't get to do things that they don't think can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the ban.
My uncles died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to engage.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much despair, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black between the 18 and 30 years is in jail or conditioning freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, from 50 to 60 to 60 percent of all young color young people are in jail or in probation.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a criminal system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth that drives the results.
And it looks like we feel very quiet . .
The politics of fear and effort make us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
I think interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious developments.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you're proud of rights forever if you have a criminal connection.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the loss of loss loss will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law from the right right.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it comes to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to go.
So right now we're in the process of some litigation.
The only country in the world . .
It represents people in the row of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting . .
So, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for committed crime?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by committed crimes, but if we deserve killing.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, it's identified one who is innocent and liberated from death row.
One rate of error, amazing, an innocent in every nine . .
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never be allowed to pull airplanes if every nine that you would take, you'd have to be stressed.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our payload.
It's not our fight . .
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being clips.
They were worried to be bombed . .
The threat of terror was what defined his lives.
Now there are older people coming up to me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say talks, make speeches . Give people who stop saying that in our history we, we have the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a truth with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this engagement, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's good worrying what you say . ''
Audien:``We don't have a death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here . ''
The room sat in silence and a lady said,``There is no way with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we were going to run people . ''
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, running people, especially if they were mostly Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these hard issues, positive things and wonderful things are, , yet, involved.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology . We communicated creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are internalized by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my opinion, it's necessary to integrate both things.
We ultimately talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking about the poor, the deep, the ones that will never get to TED.
And thinking about them is, in a way, something that's inside our self.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the heart convictions.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and dazzling, but also dark and hard.
Valley Hagelo, the Great Cheetobolic leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we had all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in the desperation sites and being witnesses . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be engaged.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignored these things.
So let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just gathered to talk.
Occasionally, Ms. Carron called me, to tell me,``Brazil, come the lady Park . We're going to get together to talk.
Do you want to come and listen to us? ''
I said,``Yes, ma'am . I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to them . ''
So I went and just heard them.
It was very very very very very very violent.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park was headed to me, and he said,``Now, Brazil, tell me that it's the idea of equality justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We're trying to help those who have been convicted.
We're trying to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end with the sentencing sentencing, no parole for children.
We tried to do something about death penalty.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
Let's try and end up with massive incarceration . ''
And I gave him all my best speech, and I was looking at me, and he said,``Hmm . ''
And I said,``You'll end up, , very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. Carrie came up, put me on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find the way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is superior to the worst we have committed.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a lie . .
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not a sign.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of poverty, it's justice.
And finally, I believe that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very submersible, very stimulating, we will not judge ourselves by our technology, by our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat the rich, powerful and privileged, but because of the way they treat poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really deep issues about what we are . .
I just feel overwhelmed . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I'm tired, like everybody.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentencing a lot of different.
I go to prison and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been self-assembled to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge get someone in what is not?
The judge has been held as an adult, but I I a kid.
One night too late, I was awake thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something you're not, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
So, as it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working in a monument.
I had a 14 year-old client, a little, poor, black . .
I started working on the motivation, with a memory that said,``Motion for my 15-year-old black client to be treated as a 75 year-old white, executive of a corporation . ''
So, in the motivation, I found that there had been a behavior in the accusation, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was an attractive line about how in this country there's no ethical, but a lack of ethics.
In the next morning, I woke up thinking that thought that was a dream, or did it really write it?
For my horror, not only had it broken it, but he had sent it to court.
It took about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided --``Oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case . ''
I got into the car and felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went into the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and ominous.
I finally got down from the car . I walked into the court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a senior black man; it was the conservation of the judge.
When I saw me, I came up and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you a lawyer?"I said yes.
And so I was approached and open up.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was very very very.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
At the time, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this precious motivation? ''
I said,``Yes, Mr. was me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy . .
They came up with the police philosophers, the self-sums.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all funny because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the range of the eye, I got to see the mistake that I went and came.
He looked out of the window, and he would get to hear all that shout.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with the face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyer's table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the destiny, a self-sum-standard assistant showed up because the conservative had entered the room.
The assistant was released over the old black . .
He said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood, looked at the assistant, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the goal with the firefighter . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we cannot be truly evolved humans if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity have to lead to the fragmented, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep your view in the goal with a firm.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BJ: There are several nearby opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referring to this spring where you're going to make an effort to address the funds that are spending today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty, in the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homeland don't get arrested.
56 percent of rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reflex is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law turn, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you tell the ones that you think it is?
BJ: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growing growth in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war war.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let us convince by the rhetoric rhetoric.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the permanent chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, rather than making those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less . .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you've been excited today here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for Bin Laden's death.
Muslim 2: famine in Somalia . Voice 3: The police takes O.C . spray gas.
Coca 4: Far cards . Luck five: Bureau crossing.
Voice 6: Social decision . Locker 7 : 65 dead.
Coca 8: All the tsunami . Lock 9: Cybercas.
Several clocks: War to the regret . massive destruction.
Right . Random . Fine . . Egypt . Egypt . .
Crisis . . Death . disaster . .
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and it could be about the last six days or last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news, because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason . .
In every second day, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing cares more than survival, the first stop of all that data is an ancient excerpt of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm . .
That's why a tens of stories will prefer to look at the negative.
That old one would say,``If there's blood, sell ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news about seven days of week , 24 hours a day, not surprising that we are pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world is going wrong.
But maybe it doesn't.
Maybe, in change, what really happens is that we get distortion.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; without doubt.
As human beings, we're very good at embracing problems and, at the long, we end up with them.
So let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go . .
In the last hundred years, the average life has more than doubled, the average per capita per capita per inflation has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think of it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilet, refrigerators, telephone, cell phones, accurate air and cars.
The barriers of the cube of the past century, the employers on the planet, they would never have dreamed with such luxury . .
So supporting a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that drops in the information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the performance of the price in about 12 to 24 months . .
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years . .
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in depression and booming.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And although it's recorded in a law on the left, it's going upward.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly faster.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, which my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, the robotics, and the ability to democratize and distributed personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, Neanderthals and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jewish Watson, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline than there would be.
And I loved this:``Watson versus human opponents . ''
Jeep is not an easy game.
Play with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singulation University.
We teach them these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to release a company, or a product or service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have been absurd.
We can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create a fancy life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce and make it plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story from Napoleon II in the 19th.
He's the guy on the left . .
He invited the king of Simon.
Napoleon's troops eaten with silver covered, and the same Napoleon, with gold covered.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum covered.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and platinum.
That's why the tip of the Monterey to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's tied by oxygen and science.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was declined.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 energy therapies every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the degree per diesel : 8.8 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents the pill per hour compared with the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have plenty of energy, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk now about wars through water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager space ship to Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
I took a famous picture . What was called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for five percent of the water on the planet, but also there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the Neanderthals.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovation innovators -- I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Schweitin Perhaps, is the size of a small fridge.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day from any source water, water, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the liter . .
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a full confidence where it's going to be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation of this technology today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think of it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, with an intelligent cell phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever.
It's better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars, GPS video, VC video, images, book libraries and music, medical diagnostic technology now demonstrated and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes in when the applications are in health.
Last month, I had the performance pleasure with the Qachan Foundation, something called the X-ray Prize Quanto March , 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the world's equipment to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk to, and because it has A.I ., you can touch, you can extract blood blood.
To win it has to do better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the mortality load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence is a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize, calling the health care and, first, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seven billion mark.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected . .
By 2020, to move from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before ears that join global conversation.
What would these people want?
What do you consume? what you want?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of trillion dollars in the global economy.
And you're going to get more health thanks to the Richard, from better education with the Khan Academy, and because of the use of 3D printing, and the use of 3D printing and the computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more of the members of mankind, healthy health and productive?
How about the voices never heard before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict??
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that previously could do the big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end sharing a story that really excites me . .
There's a program that maybe some people know.
It's called Polymour.
It emerged at the University of Washington in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with these university teachers, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people took up and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the machinery of recognition of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the block.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have an extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The correctness of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1838.
Maybe they believed that it would be painter, but it didn't.
It actually picks fish.
And I described one of them as common.
It was the groupers.
I fished it up to the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
Flowers still say that they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palms, and, as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were televisions of about 20 centimeters, the black bar philanthropy.
And the fishing of this philanthropy was very abundant and went through a good moment, so he earned more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had fallen in half.
They were killed at five centimeters . .
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy . .
And the fish were still happy to be there . .
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was a lot of it in the introduction of the array fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, you know, in the 1970s, it started in the 1960s, a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was able to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, called the Mountain 4.
I went out fishing in it, and we did studies in the South Sea Sea, and especially in the Java Sea.
What we were there captured was something unexpected.
We captured, now I, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponge, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some remains, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid fund of soft coral, in this case, to be a limiting.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . they didn't eat them . Because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This rest of remains is what they collect the fishermen every time they go to a zone where they have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
Let's adjust the starting point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like that happens.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, amount of grandparents, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images given at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extinction forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before . .
You can analyze the solution of changes.
And at the end, keep a few remains.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that's very abundant, before you extinct, is little frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fish them.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this??
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, are questioning that it was very different.
And you'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect the evidence.
Now, for example, the anecdote that some of you are presenting, like that, and so many fish I looked at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or, usually, use the fisheries of fishing, because it's not science.
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in built societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past . .
Hence the huge role that can fulfill a protected marine zone.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
Let's remember the past that people can't conceive, because the point of departure has been running, and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that they provide, which allows them to erase their starting point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example?
I think there's the arts and film, maybe you can fill the vacuum, the simulation . .
This is a Schiller Bay simulation.
A long time ago there were gray whales on Chesapeake Bay -- 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the nuances and the wholeness are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think why people moved with the movie -- to talk about the story of Potes, why would we deal with images?
Because it engaged something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, to do``Adaptable II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
That's why we're going to see why videos get viral and how important it has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper non-state in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sang.
It's over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, only a little percentage of it becomes viral, it gets infinite of visits and gains cultural motor.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, problem communities and surprise factors.
Okay, let's start.
Beau Vasse: Oh, my God, my God.
My God!
Wow!!
Homo, guilt!!
KA: Last year, Beaco Vacaban published this video filmed outside his house in the Yosemite National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the population boom last summer.
Bean is not proposed to do a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Yosemite Mountain Beard.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimban . .
Jimmy Kimban published this tweet that called the video to popularity.
Translation creators like Jimmy Kimmet present us new and interesting things, and they turn them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You have to start the Friday . You all want the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday . I start the Friday . KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year . .
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Like,``Arab rainbow ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true . .
And if you ask for those other peaks, you're also Friday . .
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, the Toky took, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Missouri Science Thailand, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends fits a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parents from YouTube in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by forcing or doing something new with that.
\" Ninetland Cat"is a repeat animation with a conference music.
That's how it's all . .
This year, it was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a version of three hours that you've seen four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were remixizers.
Somebody made a version of the ancient.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of regret that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all form.
Because we're not just enjoying, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this???
Who could have predicted``Arab rainbow"or Rebecca Black or``Nano Cat? ''
What a script could have written this situation?
In a world where you come up with two days of video per minute, only that one and unexpected can be solved out of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protests against the multiple multiple crowds in New York City, I admit that I'm not too interested.
Casey Nigerians: I was crazy by the bike, but often there are obstacles that prevent you right through the bike.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and their humor, Casey National achieved that five million watched and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do creatively.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vasse: What does this mean??
Homo . .
KA: What does this mean?
Transformation creators, creative community communities, the fully unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
We are all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they are barely the current media, but will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the only unit of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communications come in in Salami, I'm facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, are now dragging it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let it have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to blow us up, but we succeeded.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you're going to stay quietly into the sea.
My mother, mum, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a connected marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destroyed to a single task: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years old that defies the fiction, a boat went down to the devastated sea of fisheries.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a conference with poison . .
If we were caught, first we would take my my sister, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the supply of the submission in every wave, and the horrible and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirate parasites coming several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not able to drag for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of Malaysia's coast, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we demonstrated in Melbourne.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forest, a suburban class suburb whose population is made of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence, in Foures, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that came from stores were from the rest of the world.
And the fragmented English fragments were exchanged between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a degree in IT.
We were poor . .
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and math, no matter what you should take, which was generally new clothing; it was always a second hand.
Two medium pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the toys, because I had to last six years . .
And there were weird and painful songs about the extra eyes, and some graffiti:``Assassis, come home . ''
At home, where?
Something in me was hardened.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to run you . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare, all of the ship.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares start to wake up . .
She opened a computer shop, and then he studied to be a sticky and opened up another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and inflational, and the comfortable kids trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic, classical student, and I was involved with what I did.
In the other, I was surrounded in primary lives, tragically pulled by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received aid over the years.
And because of that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the year young year.
And I went out of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So, Second American resident, it was now so Leonard, refugee and social activism, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in homes whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers . .
I didn't know how to talk about wine . .
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat to the routine and the confusion of life in an ignored suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling us about each one's day and falling asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had the same age that she had when we got into the boat.
The``no"had been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``and you're not what you do . ''
So I talked about youth and education, and the disease to marketing and the insult.
And the more frankly he talked, the more it was filed to talk.
I met people from all the roads in life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a car career.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not just it's okay, but it's something that is grateful, perhaps a gift of the ship.
Because it's going to be inside of it, it can easily mean to collapse the horizons, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is broken, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that weren't allowed to be allowed tremendously.
There was an energy there, an incomplete optimism, a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for the slogan,``It can't be done"was an industrial challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I did a giant soul of soup that we all shared.
We worked to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the Conference was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died soon after she was born . .
The mother was raised alone.
At 17, it became a connection of a Mandarin whose mother beat him.
Without the support of his husband, he caused a reverse when they demand it and take the cause herself, and much more released when he won.
You can't be able to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower and I saw it on the other side.
I knew I had come up.
My mother called minutes later . .
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forest and sat around their casket.
We tell him stories and we made sure we were still with her.
At night, a monk came out and told us that he had to close the casket.
My mother asked us to feel his hand . .
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand warm, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"said.
\" Don't have it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for me?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in their lives, increasing in every wave, the imposed rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see it safe, I would.
Tree Nelson and also the mother's mother here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Latin two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sunday Alice singer . .
We were thinking about how nothing has changed since the era of the old Indian epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel, we jumped into a car and we signed up the sky.
Let's do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Iran, the great Indian warrior, he had thirst, he took a bow, and with a flock to the floor, he got water.
Now we do the same with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we took out was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that struck me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technological.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an approach if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
My grandfather would give me his grandfather's plate range.
And this 15-year-old technology was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirates and breaks in my imagination.
I had the sense that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent we are.
They're facing our inspiration.
That's why I came up with this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how to take the book.
Where are we.
Taking the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiforming.
But what does that serve us???
I'm about to launch Koh, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- it says,``This box belongs to --"I write my.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times, I me a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that childhood magic, to those ideas that we opened up with children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So, over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, they light your way into what the book remains.
Another idea that fascinated me about a little girl was that a whole galaxy was a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a bag that I dragged into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In the entire book of fantasy there have been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, guilt and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
I'm going to go in.
Another extremely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary.
These are the spaces.
We all heard of the fairies and the nurses, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, would you take them off?
These poor people have been trapped in the cameras of Indra during millennia, in an old and wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
It's a story that deals with current issues as the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their PCs, have not gone into the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, guits and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it . .
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So this is a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A kid from India says,``I I a monkey . .
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Within the variation variations between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video translated, and through augmented reality, you see a group of animated bridges that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is filled with leaves . .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic, and technology gets closer to each other.
Let's take energy from the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of people in the world fail.
And I really believe that the most important thing about that is we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to take a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little coffee cup or tea and asked patients, family and known: What happens? ''
\" How can we help?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or perhaps not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wikipedia . It's very simple.
It's got a pennion.
Every morning I get.
And yes, I a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms . .
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, sends my my to Google Health . .
And my head doctor has access to it as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when I need a greenhouse or some urgency of that style, but see it backwards.
But there is another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I get connected to my Wildlife, and before I go up my to my car, people start to talk to me: Lucifer, I I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
It's from next week.
This little breast connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars . .
This is the point where patients assume a position, come back to recover control and be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to healthcare because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of medicine, the doubling of demand and other topics.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crocogical.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we have them on our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM.
Also where all the gas gasoline are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saves lives right now.
So what we did was make a crystallography in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience that, if you see a DNA, please send it out, tell where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DESA are already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an iPad app.
We created an application for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DNA . .
And every time they're in the city of Mathematica and somebody collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their Microsoft's cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not only as DNA FBI, which is the name of the product, but also as SUVs.
And we want to start to start globally.
We're getting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the DNA crop worldwide.
Every time you're from vacation and somebody collapsed, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
It could be message services or people of telephone, for example, to see if the DNA that shows it is still in their place.
Please join us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photography?
Because of course, it's photographs that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years old.
He mixed up with my previous passion by the drawing, but it was a little bit different because he used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the prisoner.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, in the indicator moment.
I thought anyone could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that started when you press the prison.
Pictures like this: a construction in a very transportable road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful ones at the time, but with the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say, I say photographer.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real???
Are the details or the colors?
Does light look?
What does illusion create?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagination objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some ways you can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, we take the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It's actually about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic I think it's those where we don't even think about, the things around us in our daily life.
But by combining pictures, it's very important to consider, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos should have the same perspective.
Secondly, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the principle and end of the different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is composed.
This is another example.
And you might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
Now, personally, I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone.
And yes, I even made the house the top of the island so that it looks more Swedish.
So to make a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought . .
If you do a good job when you take pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful, and it can be very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microscopes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, as many others we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about technology with sexual curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I needed more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales??
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to record, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a sexual curve, it would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it gives you a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as the microprocessors, past tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move into that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a regulated growth that every few years ahead of magnitude orders.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they're not forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve, I know like this until it comes up something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all that can happen . .
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and I wonder, is, what is that new way that I embrace the world??
What new state is headed?
The transition seems very, very confused if we are immersed in it . .
I remember that the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see that the future is still 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been discussed, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something happening.
A transformation happens . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years ago because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today makes no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, it will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years . .
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around.
If we look at the way we organize those chemicals, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, it had float some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet . .
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide, they have a simplifier distribution of the chemicals that contain.
That's why each droplet was a little bit different.
In fact, the droplets that were in some way, being better than the time to incorporate the chemical chemicals, they grow more chemicals and they divide more chemicals.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these droplets learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they put in this evolutionary evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to be stable since it evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each being alive is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide people's security security people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment, and I amplify it 10 to the 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I many for all of them -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a colony, I'd put it in a virus, and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming cells.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, it evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found how to avoid penicillin, and they took them off to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria is communicating.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together together, and they established a synergy.
That way they survived or failed together, or that if a community was very successful, all of the individuals in that community became more and they were favorite by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-engineering community.
We have many cells that no longer act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
and to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities build.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the structures responsible to register, understanding and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- the learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to don't eat any fruit because he knew wrong and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruits.
That's why the fact that the nervous system built those information structures completely accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the necessary time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few groups, and hopefully building a similar, vague, confusing idea, in their heads that have a certain analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated about it, in sound sequences, and we produced something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
Now we're moving through periods similar to the multicellular organisms; we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the CD and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You already saw the evolutionary example of you where I produced some evolution with the Collection program, to our eyes.
And we have now accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of history that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following, language language took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take a few decades.
The process is feedback; I suppose that automatic is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more changes it does.
And I think that's what we're looking at in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is feedback.
But I have my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that work to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computing advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the Texas Designers designers, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't do before it gets far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it works methods that we don't even understand well . .
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And, for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random instructions sequence.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of infrared instructions, execute all those programs, and take those who are more about what we want to do? ''
In other words, I I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random instructions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could get two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take the 10 percent of those random sequences that did the task?
We're going to get those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the best numbers.
And let's reproduce them following a reconsiuncy process to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, who are going to create children, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
Again.
And introduce some mutations.
And it tries again and reptiles with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are doing absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, it's much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark, odd programs.
But they get the commission.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that made it.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
I was once in a 747 with Martin Minnedy, and I pulled out a card, and it says,``Look at this.
He says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer safe flight ."Don't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated . .
And so we started to depend on computers to do good design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the all options that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much faster.
It is, it feeds.
The thing gets faster and faster and so I think it looks so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're getting off . .
And we're at an analog moment to the cyber organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoeba and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We are at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant about our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever is coming.
But now it comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before I'm eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me . .
And I've experienced enough time to allow me to get part of my fake presentation in that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We are near the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be``Robotic Reputations"-- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a battle that battles 300.
That means that the baby baseball, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game field without being trapped, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't get time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know what you call a 300 battle in the Great League???
Well, really well, maybe the team of stars.
You know what you call a 400 baseball baseball .?
By the way, that's someone from 10 strokes, right . .
Legain -- as the legend Ted Williams, the last Massachusett League player in running more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's move this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose you have an app, and you're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 in applications.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that you live in a distant place, and you want to be loved by two organized coronary arteries, and your family doctor goes down to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200.
But do you know something??
She's getting better.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic or a nurse or a generosity obese?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the rights of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a parking.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and it included me, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, they're eating a mistake and thinking about how to do it right.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medicine.
I was a computer obsessive student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Gulf was studying up to a blood exam.
That.
I studied in my little mess, in the General hospital nurse, not far from here.
And I learned all memory.
Of my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the top, the different diagnostic and the usual.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney current acids.
And meanwhile, they accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I went very well; I graduated with honor.
And you get from medicine school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then you would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because that's how I managed mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Dravidian lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto when they brought the Dravidian lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I me to the cardiology service.
And when you emergency, I would get a cardiologist to get a cardiologist.
I can report the chief chief.
When I saw the Dravidia lady, I was running.
I heard a solid sound.
And when I found it, I heard a broken sound on both sides, which gave me a conservative heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pump blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, they're full of blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it was not hard to diagnose.
I did it and I got to work on the treatment I would give you.
He gave him aspirin and medicine to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him drugs, water pills, so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I made the first mistake; I sent it to her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief chief.
I didn't get up the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and talk it with him.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to address complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason . .
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
By sending it to her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner one who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the Swedish lady,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I I think being fine . ''
I remember that as if it were yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the parks took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I packaged to leave the hospital and walked into the parking park where my car was to go home.
I went through the emergency service service.
And there's another nurse, not that I was taking care of the Draceton lady before, but another one . I told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid.
Other specialists are also afraid, but there's a particular in an emergency, and it's that we see the patients.
The three words are, you know?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent home? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Because she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was good . .
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At a time of an hour of having reached her home, after I gave the high, I suffered a collapse, and her family called the 911; the ambulance brought it to emergency with an artist's blood pressure, which means a severe shock.
He was barely breathing and blue.
The emergency staff flew all their resources.
They gave him medication to get the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and spread to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after they stabilize it, he was in intensive therapy, and he hoped against all hope he would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I never woke up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they signed up to what was happening . .
And at the ninth day, they let it go . The Draceton lady, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say that they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished by it and experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture and felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The male shame I'm talking about is that it makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that it's going to make sure things and make sure that they don't have me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, , why did I make a mistake so stupid???
Why do I choose medicine???
Shortly that feeling was distinguished.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out of the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I reduced the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it was . .
I went back to work.
But it went back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and spent.
He was sitting here.
I looked at his throat, he was a little bit.
He wrote him and sent him to her house.
But while he's headed to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my my, my boss asked me to talk about his office.
And he press the three words: Do you remember???
Do you remember the patient that you saw for a pain in the throat??
So he came back and didn't have a security failure.
He had a potentially deadly deal called epidemics.
You can look at Google . It's an infection, not from the throat, but of the upper air, and it can cause the close of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
He was anti-growth antibiotics, and he recovered at a few days . .
And through the same period of shame and repertoms, then I was relieved and returned to work, until it happened over and over again, and again.
Twice in the same emergency shift, not diagnosed.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's about 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a red X-ray, but it was normal . A colleague that was checking to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to review, and I asked my colleague to check it . .
He checked it, and when he noticed some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, he called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every case I got excited, I devoted.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a park.
The most significant have been over the last five years.
Only embarrassed and unprecedented.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the thing that really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them this so that they don't eat the same mistakes??
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure??
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about other medical mistakes, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transition in my hospital, I applaud the wrong leg, believe me it would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't, and those who are not able to sleep and the ones that are possible, and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will be a secure system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical programs and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Star to my,``White County, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one of every 10 drug drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disability is not right . In a system where the hostilies are increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country , 24,000 people die for evolutionary medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about cheap substances, because we're not finding the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The deprivation of sleep involves everything.
And we can't get rid of it . .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to do a perfect history of a patient's pain with pain.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes crazy with rainforest eyes and all of the sudden, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; it's always the same.
And my patients are not cars.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So, if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, there will be no one.
And with respect people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
And in my show:``White dolphin, black art ,"it's a habit to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell you all, from the parks to the head of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"white, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"and I would steer the
And their students would stop, they would go back, they would go down the head and they would swallow out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say,``Look, don't eat the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduction medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time . .
Reduced doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and you don't get proud of your mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happens to others.
I share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
He pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of engaging them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings address the system, and when this happens, it's made mistakes of time.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redundancy doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I'm so sorry, but I'm really sorry to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey for more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to pick up a middle American, are about 70 a day.
Not a long ago, in a research, followed for a week to a group of business presidents.
Researchers record the different tasks that were made by these executives, and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, it's about 1930 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How do you react the way that you handle those decisions??
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today: choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
And as I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I am blind, raise your hand alone if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please, you get a pat . .
And now my first question of day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, he was a very, very high level of levels, at least at the time, was very sophisticated.
His name was Dracidad.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of water water, and this was when we took the faucet water.
I loved going to that store, but I was asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the state of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that came from millennia trees.
I decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Is this strategy of offering all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the mistakes . This is the.
Pass.
They had 348 different classes.
We installed a set of pursuit, right to the entrance entrance.
We put out there from six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what was people who were willing to stop trying to try and test the measure?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent, when there was only six , 40 percent.
We also look at what they were more likely to buy a submerged task.
Here we found the opposite effect.
Those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy meritoculture.
Of those who stopped when there was six, we saw that 30 percent bought measured.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy means, if they found six, if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy measure, it's probably good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choice affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the issue of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study I did with Gubly Hurricane, Emily Kanga and Wei Jane, where we looked at the savings decisions for about a million Americans, about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of founders available on plans for retirement, the 400 program, demonstrated people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation.
We had 65 plans that were going from two to 59 different options.
And we found that the larger the number of funds offered, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, you see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you wanted.
And in the plans that are about 60 funds, the participation rate went to the 50th percentile.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those of you who decided to participate, the larger the number of options, the more people they were initiative to avoid actions or investment funds.
At the time there was more options, they were more willing to invest in a market financial account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would regret to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three major negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you make the decision, that you apply it even when this goes against self-interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though they're going to be better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of male, mustard, vinegar and mereation, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so they can rehearse in their business.
The first is, cut.
You've heard it before, but it's never been true than today, that less is more.
People always upset when I say,``Cut . ''
They care about losing space on the plane.
But actually, what we're looking at increasingly is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundances, there will be an increase in the sales, leave the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Prototype & Gamble went from 26 different kinds of Health & Shoots to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the government Goldie Cat eliminated products for cat waste products that were less sold, the uses of 87 percent, for two causes: higher sales and lower costs.
The supermarkets of today, in average, offer 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, it's about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Eli and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to deal with the choices is David Labens's plant, the Harvard program.
All of the employees in Harvard are automatically incompleted to a life insurance fund.
Who really want to choose, are offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees,``Give me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you cannot do their customers . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience, some vacation with the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it . .
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take Gary's supply.
( Girls] Okay . Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't it more???
Well, I'll show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey??
I think it really fits to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than the second one, but I can get involved and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the operation overload, which is Congress.
So that people understand differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very vividly, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards, than when they use cash?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that it looks more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Joshua Benjan and Albert Previon, the personal English people who worked on INCA, and these people were in a meeting where they were joining a 400 plan.
At that meeting, that we did exactly how it used, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we solved the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved more money.
With this minority, there was an increase in 20 percent containers and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account, four percent.
Third technique is Clark.
We can handle more categories than options.
So, for example, this is a study we did in a magazine hallway.
We saw that in the supermarket, the leaders of the northeast corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 334 different types to 640 different kinds.
But, you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry shows.
One is called``Jack"and the other,``Student . ''
If you think the one on the left is Swedia and the one on the right is Jack, you give a pat.
( Girls applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Swedia, you give a pat.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Swedia . But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to identify something to who choose, not to define them.
You often see this problem with those huge list lists.
allegedly who you're reporting?
My fourth category: Conduct complexity.
It turns out we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision; the purchase of a car.
This is a German manual maker that allows you to protect it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one . .
Colors, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, changes, , four options . .
What I'm going to do is vary the order for decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, to a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you do it always the default button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed, or you're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many options to a few, they push the button by defense over and over again.
We lose them.
If you go from few options to many, you continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose.
Although we choose the box of changes, it doesn't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration, in any way it prepare us to choose.
We're excited by a product that we're building that now has more embraced with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the operation overload: cut, eliminate strange alternatives -- concerning, to make it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less options; Conver complexity.
All these techniques that I've been presented with were designed to help handle the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine, I had to register it to the government.
I had to register an example of an example of writing with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
Now, in the West, we didn't conceive that someone could do this, how much of this limited the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a little bit of printed yellow points on every page that you follow a pattern that makes them from one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody looks like a lot of it for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can accumulate the attacks on its attacker.
There are three main groups.
There are criminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gulf from Kiev City in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money, incredible quantities.
There are actually many cases of online, multicelling, multi-engineering money with their attacks.
This is Virgin Tasks, from Tar, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gulf.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Lord Sufferin.
These are Matthew Anderson, Taliban Alas, etc., etc., etc . .
These guys do their online fortunes, but they do it by illegal media through banking transmitters to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this lady, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain stayed up; he's decisional.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is worth worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacker in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, to motivate the protests, motivate the opinions, motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have fallen over the last 12 months occupy a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous that do it to protest, and the last group are the national state governments.
And then we see cases like Dinosaurus.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a certification authority from the Netherlands, or actually it was.
December the last fall, because of a sabotage.
They were the security of the site and they presented a cyber.
So last week, I said, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Digitarian.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of this attack?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do the certificate serve?
Well, you need, if you have a website with highways, self-representative SOLE services, services like Gmail.
Except, you're going to make a foreign certain authority.
It's going to be emitting peaceful certificate.
And in the case of Digitar, it happened exactly that . .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt???
Well, in Egypt, protesters took out the secretary of the Egyptian secret Egyptian police in April 2011, and during the sand of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this catch called FARS.
And within that folder, there was notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications.
They had sold this tool for 2,200 euros to Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
So, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany just a couple of weeks ago, the School trailer found the School trailer; a translator used by German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a nice criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interventified.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet connection is in the Internet.
Use even tools like the School trailer to infect our computer with a traffic to allow them to see all communication, and listen online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be,``Well, it looks bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy doesn't argue . .
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we're talking about today is forever.
Do we think about any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the south of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The Nairobi National Park has no close in the bulk of the south, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we woke up in the morning and found it dead, I felt so bad because it was the only tower we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pay them, and that's why we value so much.
So I grew up driving a lot of lions.
They were dying these warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi.
A child in my community, the six to nine years old, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions were afraid.
But I realized that it doesn't really serve, because even helped lions to see the stable.
He didn't give me . . He continued . .
A second idea was to use a shooting.
I was trying to deceive lions to believe that it was near the state.
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the spare day, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals . ''
So one night I was walking around the stage with an torch, and that day lions didn't come . .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves . .
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'll try and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I would raise everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little indicator box.
And the indicator box makes light away.
As you can see, the light bulbs go out, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights flash and they deceive lions to think that I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if he could put the lights . .
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the background, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena, leopard, and it's also using the elephants of farms.
And thanks to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even led to my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and teach them how to put them.
So, one year ago, it was just a child in the prisoners of the savanna walking the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he told me that someday would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot.
I used to hate lions, but now as my as my invention is saving my dad's cows and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Ah wave . What in my language means, thank you.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So, you got a scholarship . Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list???
RB: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA: An electric fence?
RB: I know the electric fences were invented, but I want to do my.
CA: So you've tried it once, right, and you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a calories . CA: At the coast . Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage you in every step that you have, my friend.
Thank you . JT: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``Do nothing . ''
And I felt very proud.
And in school, we spent all the time studying Kim IIB history, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are enemies.
Although sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're ready to die . ''
I was very high . .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked across the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge famine to drag North Korea in North '90s.
At the end, more than a million Koreans died during famine, and only few survived by eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more frequent the energy cuts, everything around me was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my home.
I always asked myself why they had light and us.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighbors.
This is the American River, which serves the limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very analyzed in certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secretly . .
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only tell you that during the famine years I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be as the Norwegian refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because ordinary refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be captured to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was made, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being North, so I looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be shocked and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and I answered questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an official said to another one,``This was a fake report . She's not North . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese and depressed police.
These women had a lot of luck.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, non-state northern people are captured in China and deported to North Korea, where they're tortured, climbed or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, the whole world can be taken in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk the South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Going up in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we have become very different because of 67 years of division.
Even through a crisis of identity.
Am I a South or the Norwegian?
Where am I? Who am I???
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride me.
Although I adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I a plan . I started studying for the engineering exam to university.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I a clean call.
The North Korean authorities would intercept some money that sent my family, and, as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to force to a local location in the outside.
They had to run immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and sent me into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police official.
He asked the identification of everybody, and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I impossible my family, and I said that they were drug people who were acting.
I just looked at myself, but luckily, I believed.
We did all the way to the Ladies border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after I went through the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border illegally.
After paying tickets and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the Lagos capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything for free to my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison in a short distance of the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multi-ended.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man will say,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man went to the ATM ATM, and I gave the rest of the money for my family and for other Koreans and to take them out of prison.
I thank you with my whole heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me?? ''
\" I'm not helping ,"he told me.
\" I'm helping the Norwegian people . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian village when we needed it . .
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are actually the hope of hope that the Norwegian village needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But to achieve their freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go into a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, practice practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I I to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure that you're going to see more and more North Koreans, and it's going on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is the South Center: sheet stores, quick food, barrel land.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles . The little boards, fast food, barrel land.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to bring more people out of food than the food.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my is five times greater than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see that this happens . .
And I wonder, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of home, you see the harmful effects that the food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of cogs bought and sold as used cars.
I see the controlled dinosaurs like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition, I've been able to run 45 minutes away from it and turn to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a string of land we call a garden.
It's about 45.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I get in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greens, we put together and start planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group paid by adaptations of all the events, all the way and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came up to me, and in summary, they gave me a cartoon saying that I had to retreat my my garden, the cartoon became a social order.
And I said,``Come on, do you?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?"So I like,``Well, turn it . ''
Because this time was not going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lock, and I talked to the concept and one of the members of Grey Greens, who put a petition in Charles , 900 signatures, was a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concept even called to say that they would breathe and love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more buckets.
It's 68 miles of badlands.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why don't the hell look good this?
Creativity a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a hole of hands will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my, when I tell people, they grow your own food.
Creativing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there . I raised my children there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me for others, and I'm going to make my my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
Like an artist of graffiti, which becomes walls, I sent soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my embrace of that canvas.
You're surprised to see what land can do . If you let it be your canvas.
You can't simply imagine how awesome a sunflower is and how people affect.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land . .
They would be surprised to see how kids affect the guys.
The gardening is the most terrible and provocative act you can do, especially in a urban.
In addition, you get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, which came a mother and her daughter, they were like 1036 at night, and they were in my garden, I went out and looked very simple.
I, good, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for one reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear that people will steal your food? ''
And I say,``For God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it . ''
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about . .
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to take your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a device in the middle of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, and they helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Greens has come to plan maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, as about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If the kids grow up, the kids will eat a tail.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes, but if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped, and I see color kids who are in this way that are in this way that they don't take them nowhere.
With the gardening, I I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who come into their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe it's the next George Washington Carrier.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and convert them into healthy cafes . ''
They don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to support it.
What I'm talking about is to work people out of the street, get the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, open farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become revenue in revenue, gossip, gas gardens.
We have to change the script that's a waste.
If you're not a gardening, you're not a gas . .
So the winners take their poly agreement?
That's its weapon weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some crap.
If you want to see me, they come into the garden with their stick so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Market sound) Probably everybody will agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in asphalt.
And especially if you go on your bicycle and these cars pass, that's not really nice.
In addition, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we wanted a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rainwater will flow on the side and have a road that's easy to drive, and won't blow water anymore.
Noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid.
What is it going to get rid? See that in this road, the stones on the surface go out.
First one stone, then several more and more and so forth, and then -- well, it won't do that . But you can damage your windshield, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bats with that.
Oh . It's ready . .
Bacteria, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little bit of advance between stones.
Because of the interview, the U.S. light, the advance, this advertise, this bee, the glue between the strings, will shrink, and if you get it, you'll make micro-consumptions and you'll separate your advertise.
So, if you drive down the road, you'll get the adults out -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of authoritarian materials.
If we can make this material automatical, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, of that to clean up the samples, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the buttons.
So we have a little bit of asphalt with little pieces of steel wool.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of induce.
Index can heat, especially steel, it's very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button will flow through these micro-consumers, and the stones will look back again.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big building machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm going to get to to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they actually saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try it . ''
So they donated us a piece of road , 400 meters of the Apple highway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We did the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we repeated them with our manufacturing machine and we repair them and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, using these fibers, using the energy of manufacturing to actually increase the life on the surface of the road, can even double the life on the surface, actually will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot . .
Actually, you have to cool first before you can show the repair.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked . .
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the oil in my . .
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban were!!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a truth school ,"he told me.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban took up from Afghanistan, and they made the girls illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I watched myself as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be alone, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day we took a different route so that no one could support where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market bag so that we found that we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us appreciated in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every time, school closed up for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us . .
Were they following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were frightened, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total injureton of a remote province from Afghanistan, and he insisted on his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father did it.
But my education mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will retreat two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were times that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Year, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money . They can force your home during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So, don't you still want to continue? ''
I'm 22 years now.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the bacteria, and if my family wouldn't have been so engaged with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Microsoft College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was exploded from her home for the courage of educating his daughters, it was one of the first to congratulate.
He's not only about my university title, but also that I was the first woman, and I the first woman, and I carry it down the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1011, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOPA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, despite and even in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmedabad . It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmedabad is one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from SOPA to his village, and literally, they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice adopted that if I kept sending your daughter to school, you would try it.
\" Get me, if you want ,"he said,``But I won't hurt my daughter's future for his old and removed ideas . ''
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who triumph, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and seeing that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops retreat.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that they encourage them, I see a prototype future and a lasting change.
Afghanistan is a country of hope and boundless possibilities, and every day girls of SOPA remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exile,``daughter, beat Gaddafi . fighting him . .
But you never become a Garbeand style . ''
They've spent almost two years since he bursts the line revolution inspired by the smells of mass movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian.
A forces with a lot of other liberal citizens, in and outside of the country to call a day and start a revolution against Gaddafi's tribe.
And we did it; it was a big revolution.
Women and men and men, young people were in the vaccine, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom parties, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of an example of the breakthrough of Gaddafi's brutal . .
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a bit of loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
But Gaddafi left a heavy load, a laundry, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the tiny regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of civil society.
Now, aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, alongside many other women, rebuild the civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and the national reconciliation.
They were about 200 organizations in Beijing during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tirgo.
After a 33 year-old period of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I began to organize workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Platoring Women's Platorium platform, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and by our rights of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the pre-industrial period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is moved from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years . .
However, little by little, the elation of choices and revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of professional mosques and Sufi mountains.
Another day he ended up with the news of the American ambassador and attack attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the order of the military officials.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuing recording of the human rights of prisoners and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, pollen more, and has been away from ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Interration, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of``crime list"and choices.
Rather, I'm here today to trust that we, as nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize good . .
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The crossing list and alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion, both by men like women??
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the choices, which only reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female most than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an outrage agent and call it a day.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, not just honor, but also puts the mercy in practice, instead of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion rather than exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an alien that's about the disruption and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crop.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do a social form.
According to a vent of the Koran Koran -- the peace --``is the word of God's God, chemical, compassionate . ''
At the time, the word``rail ,"which is known in all of the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``rail"-- terrorist -- synchronized the feminine and material, which fits all the humanity that men and women, of all tribes and all people have fallen.
And so, as the uterus covers completely the embryo, that grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion the entire existence.
That's what we're saying,``My, my . ''
That's what we're saying,``My, my, my, it's about my anger . ''
It's all about the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question, which has a equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody always does: Why is she left?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who owns him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expertise in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I had just been limited at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Secretary magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first American Rease card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I believed my twin soul, put me on the head with a gun, charged with the bank balloon bullets.
The man, who I loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my and threatened with killing more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, a love of love, where every year millions of women fall, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical violence survivor.
I'm a license in English University, and I have an MBA at the Warren Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of``Fortune 500"list, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burra and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab, and I drive a Honor Obama minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all levels of red and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markets are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate and interdependent relationships, or, in other ways, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence -- reason why, domestic abuse turns out so disappointed.
I would have told me that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who would paste him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and the United States women and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, your warning signals or your patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, relevantated night.
I was sitting next to me in the subway in New York City, and it started to flow with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also just going to get rid of a university of the Indian Leop and worked on a very important bank in Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it looked like a kind of a camp.
I had a big magnet like apples, and a wheat pink, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it especially at the beginning of a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved everything about me: that he was ready, he had gone to Harvard, who was paying a passion in helping teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Consistence believed in me, as a writer, as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And that's why the limitation in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I my my job and Congo and I went together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, which was entering a head in a physical trap, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacted.
And here's where those pictures come in.
And how much we moved to New England, you know, that site where it's supposed to feel so safe was bought three pills.
One had it in the car.
Another one was kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third one in its pocket.
And he said that he needed those pictures because of the trauma that lived in small.
I needed them to feel safe . .
But those pictures were actually a message for me, and, even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 moral bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happy forever, because I loved it, and he wanted me too much.
And I was very, very removed.
He just felt very overwhelmed by wedding and by the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make it harm.
I spent twice in our honey moon.
I was the first time I was driving to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that bounce several times against the car window.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he grabbed through the traffic and threw me a Big Mac to the face.
Congo kept going on, or twice a week, for the next two years and a half years a week.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is domestic violence, or at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million . .
So, actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply terrified man, and was the only person in the world that could help Congo face his demons.
The other question that everybody else does is, why don't you simply go?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a market.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in the case of domestic violence occur after the victim is fine to the relationship, after you're going, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent act, even after the abuse of abuse has gone back, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to land the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time not overcome to their mother.
And yet we continue to wonder why just not go?
I was able to go, because of a last sign, I played my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had allowed it to.
So I broke silence.
I told the whole world to police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We tend to engage victims like sponsored headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is yours for staying ,"as if the victims we're going to be able to be able to intentionally love from men who want to destroy us.
But since I published``Lock love ,"I heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also picked up, who learned an unexpected lesson of what happened to them, and they redefined their lives, joyful and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, fully free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I went home with a tender and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black lab, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have again, ever, is a carried pistol pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says I want me.
Right now, you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hey, what stupid was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being battered or they were small or they're abused themselves.
The suitcase could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the evil to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They replace their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, that have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to try to consciously intervene, to crack their climb and show victims a safe output.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a time, I a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed up like that . Fortunately, I brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to introduce it, I . .
If some women were horrified when it came out, they don't have to say, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater for your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I covers me.
All right.
Why did I do this???
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also shallow.
I've changed totally what you thought about me in six seconds . .
And in this picture, I had never had a real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would pull the back and get the hair of the boy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial breakthrough like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, although superficial and unchanging, has a big impact on our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a beautiful and white woman, and in my working sector, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it become a model?
And I always say,``A catalystation found me, but that doesn't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this inheritance is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated it at a high and street shape, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, the heritage I've learned to take money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptics, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait . There's Namibia, Toran, Joan Scotts, Lou Wester.
First of all, the happy ones to know about models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at NYU, I counted every single model in the past, and from the 76 contracted models, only 27, is to say, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always do is: Could it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get it.
But then, what I'd really tell each of these girls to each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a non-state, non-state surgeon, which would be awesome, because you'd be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, so I say,``I know my boss . ''
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the red head of the Vontally & M magazine, or the next Steven Messel . .
To say, you know, the bigger you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you get older.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've finished your studies, and you have a rsum and a couple of jobs to your backs, no longer what you say, if you said you wanted to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``In the underwear of the underwear for 10 years, people look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all photos are laughing.
And yes, it's exactly all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bike, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
That's how it's next to my grandmother a few months before . .
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a picture of pajamas a few days before pictures for the French Volute.
Here I am with my football team, and I was in the V magazine.
And this is me at the moment.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, penguins, machines, photographers and styles, and all their aid and people of pressure and production, and they can create this . That's not me . .
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get things free?
I have too many talents of 20 inches and I never use, except the two before, but the privilege that I get in real life, and we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a little driver; he jumped a red traffic, and, of course, they stopped us, and I were a feeling, agent to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege people for me, not because of what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for what they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, the 140,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of me.
I'm going to stop? And when?
When you investigate for this talk, I found out that 35 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that figure rises to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people are doing is: How is life from a model?
And I think the answer you wait is: If you're a little bit more thin, and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that perhaps it looks like . .
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative, resourceful, passionate people.
And all that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself,``With some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier? ''
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the closest clothes, but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that will retain from this talk, I hope that everybody is more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was the greatest enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precisely, and I didn't get them.
There was no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos, even a minimum care of lighting.
In fact, most people took random tourists.
My story starts when, I'm going to find in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That's the 57 and five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching me, my wife said, why don't you take advantage to New York on a paper trip, and you continue the ritual?
This is when we started to ask tourists that they would take us out.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, no one has ever been with the camera.
So, we weren't aware of how much we would change the life this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reached new hands, and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, it stopped in dry and pointed out a red soul of the shell shop that was served from little in previous visits.
And I was describing what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I said that he remembered his heart beating with force when he first saw that place for the first time nine years.
And now what you see in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who gets the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and don't drive to someone and ask it: Do you take a picture???
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
The boundaries are in the most threatened birds.
First, why do you have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter risky, simple, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press laughter, applause and accelerations are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament . But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep the environment . Parallels don't help prevent disease spread.
They're hardly moving . . They're far away from extinct . And, my, the burners have better presence . There are two kinds of bubbles on this planet.
There are the burned the New World Burpas that are mostly in America, like the educators and the carrier, and the Bureauts of the Old World, where we have 16 species . Of these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the bubbles important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services . Little.
It's our natural trash collectors.
They clean the cadavers to bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that it wouldn't be for them would be extended and causing great losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no burden, the courses take three to four times longer to decompose, and this has huge rankings in the spread of disease.
The bombs also have tremendous historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
And Kebruja was the symbol of the protest and the maternity, and along with the cobra, they synchronized the unit between the Albert and the Egypt.
In the Indian mythology, Jazeera was the god boundary, and he risked his life to save the Swaming County of the 10 heads.
In the Tibetan culture, they do some very important open entrepreneurs . In places like Tibet, there is no anywhere to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bombs provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the bubbles?
We have eight species of bubbles in Kenya, which six are in extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . The passenger communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the Bhutanese are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of boundaries are in the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, it's going to be extinct, and the reason is because they fall from the cattle consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there's no burden, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the server cards, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge bomb of time for anger . The number of rabbit cases has increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa : 350 airplanes are going to be above Lake Turkana.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible burner of boundaries dead to serve the shoulder and the reference market.
So what is it doing? Okay, we're investigating these birds . We're putting transmitters.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a problem, it's not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation to the boundaries, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can they help? It can become assets, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very, very understood creatures, and donate your time to spread the word . I the word . .
When they come out of this room, they will be informed about the bubbles, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the borders.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the skies.
Kenya, this world, will be much poorer without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life -- it's been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, young people, but I am no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory of Mark, Algeria and Somalia -- in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was persuasive.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we were talking about.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Zimbabwe waves ,"was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zimbabwe River, and teach local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and stations, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't do it . We were astonished that local, in such fertile valley, they had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we are here ,"`` Just in time to save the people in the famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa was grown beautifully.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling them,``Look at how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight, about 200 hypertertists came out from the river, and they ate everything . And we said,``Oh my God, the hypertensions! ''
And the regulations said,``Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought that only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypertensions.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we gave them the trustworthy people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, he read``Dead Department"of Damier Moore, energy economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, the Western donor countries, have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about harm that that money has caused.
Just read your book . .
They link from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are empired, collective missions, and we treat people only in two ways: or pathogens, or we are patent.
The two words come from the Latin rate``kick ,"which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Patmas, I deal with any of a different culture as if they were my kids .``I want you a lot . ''
Patriaring, I treat all of the of a different culture as if they were my servants.
That's why white in Africa is called``Bill ,"`` blood . ''
That book gave me a slap in the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"written by Schwarzing, who said over all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, the stores alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened up this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can you -- can you imagine a city that's not great? ''
I decided when I was 27, I only respond to people, and I invented a system called the Factory Factory where you never start, you're never going to motivate anyone, but it becomes a servant of the local passion, the service of the local of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You street.
I never get to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a coffee . We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do???
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is most important.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea cannot have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for one, we heard them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never care, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the family family doctor, which is established with you in their house, on the table of their kitchen, in coffee, and helps him find resources to transform their passion in a way of winning life . .
I started this as a test in Spain, the city of Western Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this conference rubbish where we got to tell them what to do.
So in one year, I had 27, and the government came to me to see to ask,``How can you do that?
How can you do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very hard . .
I fell down and listened to them ."So -- the government says,``Here's the government again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business . .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drugs, one of the greatest business vessels in history, went back to '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drugs was a philosophy professor before I was involved in business, and this is what Peter Drugs says,``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death spirit.
So now you rebuild Christmas without knowing what the most astronomer people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up to talk to you.
You have to offer confusion, privacy, has to be fantastic when you're helping them, and then you'll go, you'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion??
What's a presentation of you.
Local people passionate . That's what you have applauded.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial, fossil forest, not renewable, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way of supporting machinery is not sustainable . .
What we have to consider, is how we nurture, cure, educate, transform, communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution? Forget the universities?
Government? Forget it!
They're going to be the entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an adorable story that I in a future magazine, many years ago.
There were a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1850s.
And in the 1850s, this group of people came together, and they set up about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was mentor: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population from New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already getting in dung, so, in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that was orbiting New York City.
So, what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States , 100 automatically manufacturer companies appeared , 2001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scared, factories in participating places.
Drawin, Michigan . Henry Ford . .
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And, you know, you will have to tell you the truth with respect.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things beautifully: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell with a fantastic marketing, and you have to tell with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and search for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 context of Carnegie, Western, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None was started by a single person.
Now, the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He was not just when he started . .
Nobody starts a company . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee, in bars next to their dedicated ones who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epiphany, someone who will ask you, what???
What can you do? Can you do it???
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` I want you to look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People who are surrounding us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autonomous, plant and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do I pay my neighbors for their apartments??
How can we stop and ask for more things to call the door in a bad time?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better???
How do we share more hopes to the empty shops so our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give a shadow of lovers, books and dreams for centuries and trust.
That always gives the music . There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties in America.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a wider space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother to me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for living time.
He gave it clarity to the meaningful things of my life.
But I'm starting to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to get trapped by the day and forgetting the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends, I transformed the wall of this house on a giant board, and painted on her sentences to complete,``Before I was dying I want...''
So, transportation could take a chalk, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was packed and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy":``Before I I I, I sit in the date of date change . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive, and the dreams and the hopes of the people made me laugh at carrier, they demonstrated me, and they gave me a conference moment.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and flager ways, and it's about empowering the reflection and the content, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit, and now they've made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of disruption in increasing, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid to talk about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the climate death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect what matters to us as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hopes, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
Remoth is 22 years old, high and very garaging.
It doesn't talk, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
And it knows what love is.
And I'm sharing it, it's an incompositive thing.
It's not analoging . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about religious differences and notice in this: Never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I didn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it has to be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very garage.
It makes the most preconceived memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when every single songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I would have broken in my arm during the first episode of the Teles and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Doesn't it seem incredible???
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit into the concept of normal society, they are often ignored and understood.
But what drove my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those fewer familiar with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every individual, it's manifest in a different way, and that Remote is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that's fastest increases in the world, there is no cause and cure . .
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized he was different.
He raised a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
He was living in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars around the room, and he would look at the washing machine and eat anything that was between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the bees, frustration and internal hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, where I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that it's things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
normality passes the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit one thing to Remoth and Sam and you, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary . .
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- it's a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please -- you don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what's been to be Alice in the country of wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . I was frightened . Airlines of these students with their great minds, their big books and their great words.
But when you developed those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our largest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the job is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, helicopter.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer us, and then what???
Give us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us just to study the words, but they study the jobs, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care of jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
Accessible is not the same thing as you do.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They're ways of collecting and encouraging us with their content.
And when you present your job, forget the signs of``bullet . ''
They've been wondering why they're called``bullets"? What do bullets do? bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this picture of General Brown example is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the connections is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legal phrase, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and, next, provide graphics that are encouraging our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help us open the door and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, helicopter with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words across the Oxford English Dictionary is``scans . ''
It just sounds good.
And``scans"means``desired policy . ''
Although there was a separate end of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said,``A Renal ,"is that he's looking for a public burden no matter party, platform or principle, and that, when he won, he gets it for the means of a mercine version . ''
I have no idea what it means``resource . ''
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that they said in the parliamentary camera.
And all this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the name of Brad Cross, who faced Parliament.
They put it in the London Tower and incarcerated it, but he had the enough courage to face them, and at the end had such popular support in London that he won.
And only a few years later, we had the first used use of the phrase,``There's a bottle like metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's because of the freedom of speech . .
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of what to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
What do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debated in Congress for a long time.
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that could have frustrated.
Some of them wanted to call it``Jeff of State ,"and others,``His Alto George Washington ,"and other``Leaders of the American peoples in the United States of Washington . ''
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was productive.
And not even with that, they were monkey, they had the idea that one could be elected King for a determined term.
And it could have served.
Everybody gets tired immediately, because this debate promotes for three weeks.
I read a poor woman's newspaper, and I always wrote,``Still with this topic . ''
What caused the portrait, and the thing was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be drunk of power.
They didn't want to call him king for the case to him, or his protection.
So, they wanted to give them the most modest, more inexpensive, more profitable title that happened.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was just before, but it only meant``someone who shows a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more fun than the term``foreman"or supermarket.
There were an emotional president of small colonial addicts and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate is used.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign dinosaurs . ''
\" And who would you seriously take with a very ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't choose.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been able to have the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary, it's possible that we can expect 27 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you with, is that the American President's title doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of armed vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have been fed to the degree of graduation.
So ultimately, the Senate won.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity.
But do you know how many nations you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because nobody's going to feel humble when they tell them that they are the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you with.
Politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape the reality and control reality, but actually, the modern reality the words than what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charged from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but above all, that cacophony of male and stones and stones with primitive tools.
Like the other, I a cheap flashlight of ink light, shipping the head with this analoging elastic, and I can barely distinguish the results of that hole of a subway that drops hundreds of meters on the land.
And I saved my hand, and suddenly I remember a minister that I met days before, who lost control and fell informed in that pump.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risking their lives without paying and reward, and often dying . .
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Summit.
Among all the incredible people I met there I met an intervention of French the Seconds, an NGO that is going to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not at such a degree.
When we ended up talking to me, I felt very bad -- I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I came up with a story, and, weeks later, I flew Los Angeles to meet the Derek's director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, it had been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, the dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently more than 27 million people who are enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole treatment of transition slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a agriculture slave was about three times the annual wage of a American workers.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today, you can enslave the entire families by generations for fundamental debt for $18.
Remarkably, slavery generates profits from more than $13 billion per year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work, and then discover that they are forced to work without paying, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade: the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are decelve.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of Dan.
Finance on a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy pollen heavy, they separate mechanically brick brick in their heads, to 18 at the time, and they take them from the horror officers to trucks that are hundreds of meters . .
The monopoly and the tiredness work in silence, doing this task and again for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe desertification was made to be quite intriguing.
So ponditure was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to reverse it, and, sitting there, I thought, my camera receives a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces, I wanted to cry, but the advertising I was at my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And it explained very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing . .
I was not a citizen of that country.
He could put them in a worse situation than they were already . .
I had to trust the Seconds, and I had to work within the system for its release and I trust that they could.
As to me, I waited to get home to feel my destructive heart.
In the Himalayas, he found children running stones for miles by mountain terrorists to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big flights were more heavy than the kids who were carrying them, and children would hold them into their heads with the street straps made of sticks, strings and spares.
It's hard to make something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous???
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying, because this has been that way.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villagers broke their freedom, the scans were severely burned their homes.
When we heard the word slavery often, we thought about sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, I me that it would be hard for me to work safely in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was accompanied with women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some anchor stairs that gave this dirty basement, a fluorescent light.
It was not exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resilients, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where women with their girls and children, some of only seven years are forced to entertain the customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every dot is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a boom and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse in their customers.
Now, I remember in the panel, I remember having felt an arranged fear fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be trapped in that hell.
I only had one left: the stairs where I came in . .
There were no backdoor doors.
There were no big enough windows to climb.
Those people don't have a escape, and because we touch such a difficult topic, it's important to point that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textile is another activity that we often relate to the slave hand.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families that were enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a portrait of family.
The black hands of black are the father, the teenagers of blue, the teenagers of their children.
They mixed up in these big barrels and they dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the tuna is toxic.
My interpreter told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, though, can get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our job . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger children, doesn't make sense??
mistake . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their translated families, disappeared and forced to work extensively in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old . .
When our boat came up, it was underground; its little canoe was emissions.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the tree trees in the Volvose lake often catch networks and children, familiar and fear, are thrown into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are drowned.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on lake.
For fear of their love, it's not going to flee, and, as the whole life has been treated with cruelty, it's certainly about the younger slaves under its command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they got up the last net, but they had been working from one.
At night, cold and very windy.
And it would point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi . .
Kofi was rescued in a fish village.
I met it in a shelter where French the Seconds is rehabilitation to slavery victims.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because of someone decided to make the difference in their life??
So driving by a road in Ghana with French partners, a advertising companion with his motor suddenly accelerate and surrounded our car and touch the window.
He asked us to follow it on the ground to the forest . .
At the end of the road, we went out of the car, and asked the driver to go out rapidly.
And then he pointed out this senior vision, and he said,``This is the way, this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down, we took out the submersibles that blocking the road, and after we walked about a time about a hour, we found that the road was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photos of photos on my as we were in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the single road ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
A lot of women had children strapped to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in the waters that are wrapped with mercury.
The mercury is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a manhole somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the world, they were packed in their own sweating.
I remember looking at their eyes tired, industrial, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have to 90 meters, and these people are carrying heavy streets of stone that they then be transported to another area where they will be spent the stone so they can extract gold.
At first sight, the site seems to be full and strange men, but if we look closer to it, the margin we see to work with other less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the poison for mercury in a few years.
This is Mandela . When his father died her uncle he took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, he used to inherit the debt of uncle what force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I worked in the mine 14 years, and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Mandarin has tuberculosis, and, not yet, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with help of local activists like French the Seconds, and it's this kind of determination, to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery . .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take testimony from them and make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . These are people, real people, like you, and as I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, battered, that I had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is coming up a fire and that fire brings light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math app, and there's a peculiar problem for anyone who does it: we are like management drivers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'll try to tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtual bills of the ballet and the clapping dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial approach that can have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend, Jane Struck, who, in his time, was a virtual dance dancing.
In the last few years, it's been a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are six billion people in the world that are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness, terrorists and stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in objective ways, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a objective and closed metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a 20 minutes neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, they never do it . It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home??
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves?
You don't need staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So, what I want to propose to you as a conventional form to try, you see, in some sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Struck.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal chords.
It shows someone healthy as you're talking . We can imagine as dancers from a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed . The Fox, for example.
And, like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think about time that brings a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom, you can see an example of irregular temperature from vocal chords.
We see the same symptoms.
The voice, debate and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and vacuum after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the special clinical trials? Well, they're both not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
They're both accurate.
That is, they can be constantly consumed.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as much.
They're minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something happens so low: it appears at massive scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for routine check.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could do massive reconstruction for clinical trials for clinical trials, and for the first time, fast skin scales.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first disease biomarkers before it's too late . .
That's why, when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Volice Voice of Parkinson.
Together to Acuanshoke and Pittsburgh, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have affordable local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can say who's healthy and who's not?
What will you take from these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR: Of course.
MK: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not end.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for cleaning the confusion factors looking for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MK: Much more than that.
Actually, my The Telhan student, I to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and it has now shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, and we now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Ninety and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MK: Of course . .
TR: Thank you . Max Literal, public . .
MK: Thank you, Tom . .
Before March of 2011, photographic portraits in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the thin thin models even more thin, the perfect skin still more perfect, we do the impossible, possible, and they criticize us in press all the time, but some of us are truly artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I from my home, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hans Voluses, was in the place working as part of the answer equipment.
And I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, we didn't know that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
May 13 traveled to the orphanage.
It's a little piece of fishermen located in the president of the Italy presentation of almost 50,000 people, one of the first towns affected by the wave.
The level water level reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take rubble out of the channels and the leaves.
We cleaned up schools . We take the mud and leave the houses ready to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We take tons and tons of fish dead, approach, the local factory.
We got sick and love.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and pictures of photos and cameras and Sweden cards.
Everybody did the same.
Let them pick them up and take them to different places from the villages around to make them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they were fleeing from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to leave absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village assessment.
He helped clean the communities the huge, giant walls.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the evolution center picks up photos.
They took them, and I had the honor that that day trusted me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I was going to take my my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some that had over a hundred years, and some of them were still in the lab of the lab, I couldn't help think of how a refugee would fix that random and repair that family, and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to fix pictures.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too stupid, but where the water had declared the face of the girl, I had to fix it with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the aspect of herself, and that would be as tragic as having the strangely strangely . photo.
Over time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more regulating photos, so it came into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later, late 80 people in 12 countries offered to help.
At the age of two weeks, I had 150 wishes to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Ricky, a neighboring town in Northern James.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they took to deliver them is a different story, it depended on the contempt of photos.
I could mean an hour . I could make weeks.
It could make months.
This micro had to draw exactly by using how the areas whose color and detail didn't destroy.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in saltwater, covered of bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that along with the step of time, by destroying them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the photo unless it was clean, dry and had been climbed by his owner.
We were lucky with the janitors.
We have the guide of an amazing neighbor.
It's very easy to damage even further photos.
As a time once Western, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was in relation to photos.
He had begun to wipe them herself, but he stopped when he realized he gave them even more . .
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face couldn't have been able to rebuild, we were able to fix the images in a single photo and give the whole photo.
When he collected his photos shared something about his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found photographs in a firefly station between the rubble very far away from where they used to be home, but their colleagues recognized it.
tsunami day, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded . .
His little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
It took him a week to find all his family and know that they all survived.
The day he gave her his pictures her youngest son turned 14.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could remember from the past that wouldn't have been tagged by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them helped us clean up more than 13,000 photographs the big majority -- -- the great majority of their owners . It's important . .
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families of fully restaurant and resulted photos.
During this time, we didn't really spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most of them on the printer for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody loved.
It's the guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would get to look for . .
This was what the project was about, to restore small pieces of mankind, to return someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the reserves.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to return something, using their talent for something that are not thin models of perfect skin . .
And I'd like to read this email . I sent it up the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One particular, a picture with women of different ages from grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter, hangs on our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor Edger inspired us awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that would bring an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
So I present a new kind of photograph: photographer, a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see behind the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the body inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and you see it and turn it into a million seconds, or it's, in several people, you'll create a picture of photons in a seven millimeters . .
And that piece of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If you take that bullet and this piece of photons, and you shoot on this bottle, how do those photons spread into this bottle???
What is the aspects of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a number of a nanotomand is what takes the light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't support this research . They have a lot of things in this movie, to get this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes into the bottle with a piece of photons that starts to go through it and, inside, it starts spreading.
Part of the light goes out, it goes to the table, and we start seeing these drivers.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, waves travel around the table, and because of the thoughts at the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the thoughts are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it run the same distance, and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times, how much do you think we would take that movie?
One day? A week? Actually, a year.
It would be a very boring film of a bullet bullet . .
And what about testing with dead nature??
You can see the waves that get on the table, of the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a rock in a pond . .
It's the way nature paint a photo, thought, from a metaphor at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at a time more time this tomato, you realize that as light comes out of the tomato, it's still bright . It doesn't happen.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce inside, and it comes back after several billions of seconds.
In the future, when this feminist is on their mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a low exhibition, it comes into very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I just get some light.
We send that bullet, that piece of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very statistically synchronization, we took those data gigabytes and we trained them compassionately to create those phones that I showed you.
We can take all those data in crude and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly . .
Other heroes can become invisible . .
What if a new power of a supermarket future allowed him to see behind the corners??
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . Representative, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract these multiple light bounce.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left is our feminist.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation, and we will bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National Communications.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our feminist, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it corresponds to.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in gross, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple bones of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve . .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build emotions that are able to see the interior of the body by carrying oceans, and the same for cartoons.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty hard, so actually this is a request to scientists so they start thinking about photographer as a new model of visualization to solve the health imaging problems in the next generation.
So as Doc Edge, he himself, a scientist, turned science into art, an art of fruitare photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a few million.
But here's something fun happening.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, you get away from us . .
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have love to see this image.
The order that events happen in the world sometimes appear in the world sometimes.
applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you . .
Hi . This is my cell phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, go back to Soviet and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a chip from 1984 and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back at that time, to this city . .
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protesting a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered in search for a change, they had a mobile phone.
Who of the present have a cell phone here?
Look at them.
Raise your mobile phones, it!
Look at them . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!!
It's a lot . Almost everybody today has a cell phone.
But today to talk about me, my cell phone, and how I changed life.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Data data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission presented a direction.
The data of the Data Center.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider from the Internet, has to store a wide range of information of users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who . .
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and two years, in their phone company or the Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people planted and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the distribution in the digital age, and we don't want phone phones and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, they all said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out of the streets of Berlin and said,``freedom, not fear . ''
And some people even said this would be Stage 2.0.
The States was the secret police of Germany . .
And I also asked me if this works really . .
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone??
So I asked my phone, December Telember, who was the largest phone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to give you a legal demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Doctor Telember said no, we will not give you this information.
We finally signed a agreement.
I would remove demand, and they send me the information I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the incompatibility for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD, there was this.
Thirty and five thousand oceans of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while I I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a little bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public . .
Because I want to show people what the data of data means.
So, to Zed Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom in and move, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin on train to Colombia, and what often I in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my my wife, and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call them among them.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we ended up with this great network of communications.
You can see how their people are communicating each other to what time they call each other, which hour sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who sent an email to who, , that all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone.
And the States would have known who participated in this protest, and, if the States had learned who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in consequence, it's not the edge of the iron of iron.
Because today, state agencies today want to store so much information of us as possible within and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight the self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When they go home, they give their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value, and it's not fashionable.
When you go home, you give it your representatives that only because businesses and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information is stored from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones that serve them to remember that they have to fight the self-determination in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Mashea Zati and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, chasing the poor of me in the process.
So as a result, I have cerebral paralysis, and that's why I suck all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I like a Shakespeare mixture.
and Muhammad Al.
P C is not genetic.
It's not a context and it cannot contract.
No one of the matrix of my mother's uterus and not contract because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wished to be disabled.
Let's go.
Christmas speeds, they're in the commercial center, drive in circles looking for parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
In addition, I say, I have 99 problems, and P C is just one of them.
There's a cloud of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, you should do it.
I'm from Park Classic, in New Jersey . .
I always loved my neighborhood, and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in``you can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can [unclear] to do it; dancing song . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents sued to the school system, and they made sure that I was also, and if we didn't save all the most, we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my heel on her feet and just walking . .
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The stress that I carry into was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bone champion that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they keep being all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and the politicians would think to use``Head to Muslims"as a campaign.
The people that I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot that died of hunger during the branch.
I told them that he had enough fat to live three entire months without eating, so to help the dawn of dawn is very easy.
He was dancing in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with talents, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends were using talents, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the Jersey coast, I didn't go . .
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents were afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In summer vacation, my father was trying to save me, so I drink my milk, they put me warm cups on my back, I immersed on the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought,``It works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga.
I should say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga, it was a store comedian that couldn't stand up.
And I can now stand in the head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General hospital television.
I went to university through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the UNICEF, University State University, because I went into all the copyrights.
It was like the mathematical limb of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene of the glass zoo my, my teachers cried.
But I never got a paper . .
Finally, in my last year, the U.N . decided to do a work called Daniel very slowly in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy . .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started screaming at the four winds,``At the end of the paper.
I have cerebral palsy.
At the end!
Thanks to God addicted, I'm free! ''
He didn't get the paper . They gave him to Shre Brown.
I went to include the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask my cat, why, and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the stunt scenes.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk schools, you can't do the character . . ''
It was a paper that he literally was born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a strong story of adding actors without disabled actors.
When I graduated, I returned home, and my first activist tour was like alien on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be``company"to``better crazy friend"in a sanctuary.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I didn't see it more than the story, and it was evident to me that the report directors didn't hire government actors, not white, with disability.
They only hire perfect people.
But there was exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Woodling Goldberg, Rose Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comments.
That's why I became a humiliation.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first comic comedian that I carried when I fell in the account that I went at high speed by the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had cerebral palsy . .
I worked on clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first manual in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I do know that you never heard that little nasty rumor that says women are not fun, and find us very fun.
In 2003, my another mother's brother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York Festival Festival, now in her 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Reputations in media, and at the same time to remind them to the report directors that Southeast and Arab are not synonymous.
Interrupting Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as invited to the cable news program behind Keith Olden.
I walked into a graduation dance, they dragged me to a study and sat on a wheelchair.
I looked at the director, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were living .!
So I cling to the presentation desk to not go out rolling out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, it was pale.
Eventually, I had my opportunity and deserting it . I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Olympic went back to invite me, but I went out as a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
So something fun I learned with Keith Olden was that people on the Internet are a shield.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never get rid of me and girls or no . .
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a good object.
I saw clips online with comments like,``Why don't you slow? ''
\" Is it challenged? ''
And my favorite,``Poor burgatory . ''
What disease does it have??
We really should pray for it . . ''
A commercial suggested even to add my disability to my curve: guilt, comedian, parallel . .
Disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Berlin can't do somebody in the wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yeah, clap, man . Go.
The disabled minority are the largest minority in the world, and the most submersible in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would promote less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children well . .
My tourist journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet floated by the dive of the Susan Light and the Clevery Artist Club.
I got to act in a movie with Adam Santa and work with my, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I went back the world by saying,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was delegation in the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Mayoes ,"a charity, to give the Palestinian refugee kids, a half of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting in live, and I do this talk to his memory.
Pack peace, dad.
I call me Mayan Zaba, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a little town to South Somalia . .
This village is near Mogadishu.
The droughts drive the little village to poverty and the edge of starvation.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mozambique, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no job, no future perspectives.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe a year passed, nothing.
One day you're approaching a gentleman who offers it to take it to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people who give it a mess . .
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to their family . .
You present a young man.
He finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That little boy of that little town with the dreams of great care was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were the Shake, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how did a child's story of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him.
He was waiting.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he got.
This was the first thing that came out of what we called the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the markets, young people who are unemployed by distribution in Johannesburg, develop riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the big dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest debate rates.
By 2030, three of five people who live in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of the waiting period, the gate of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang, to be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my city of birth, Mogadishu , 70 percent of young people is unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school . .
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Mada Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember going to that hospital hospital to balls thinking,``What if I would never have gone? ''
What if I were forced to be in that same``wait period"?
Would I have become terrorists?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to hold some youth leaders in a corporate room.
It went to about 90 Somali youth leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated . .
There was no job, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacles to get from point A to B are the streets.
Ventagetics years of civil war have completely destroyed the journey system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize . .
And you see an opportunity and the superpower.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started to rent motors to local residents who usually couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of your family and friends, and your dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It finds young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking at so desperate.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed MoMA, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the business of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers to your wedding, you used the plastic of the foreign.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Muhammad saw an opportunity.
It started a flag of planners and floral design.
He created a farm outside of Mogadishu, and he started growing up computers and lines, who said, could survive the hard climate of Mogadishu.
And it started the flower flower delivery, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Mogadishu in 22 years . .
There are no public parks in Mogadishu . .
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and, as he says, he smell the proverbial pink.
By the way, he doesn't grow rocks because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
It encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which could be the change of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They did business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, give them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope . .
His Peace Park, that's what he calls it, when he's created, transform the way people see their city.
Adam hired kids from the street to help rent and keep the engines for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: they're going to turn young people in entrepreneurs, they increase and they feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories on flowers and Pacific parks than autonomous peers and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went through my dad in the Adam mountains, a armed area in the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun made the leaves to shine as a victim, and not to be the way we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a cover in a record with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a saving, about four meters square with apple hands of power paper balls, and it was old.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The campaigns that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their garbage??
That question followed with me, and it's kind of simplified.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how they organize or where they put the``our ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul???
Who clean our garbage in Rio or Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Single Department of Health, our trash, in the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that payload??
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through its tracks and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an introduction.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel on the trucks . I driving them.
And he operated the mechanical schools and he would run the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictive as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you're used quickly.
It costs a lot to use weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger . .
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and in the traffic all day, and you pass around you.
They just want to pass, so in general the driver's not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the relative of garbage.
When you get out of the counter and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself.
It never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breath or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic, because I strongly believe that waste collection is the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the first protections of public health . .
If you don't get rid of the waste, efficiently and effective every day, this starts to break away from your container, and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries back and they start to hurt.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old one, we don't have space for what the motors of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, it's only its relationship.
And then there's what I called our average daily speed.
With that, I just mean the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, or repair, clean or take our coffee cup, our bank bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them out, we forgot them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will take you from it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I I, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, regularized.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect them.
And their job allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us leaves ourselves from ourselves, from our own waste, our desks, and that flow should always stay in a form or another.
And one day after September 11th in 2001, I heard the group of a resource collection truck on the street, I grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as he did all Wednesday.
And he tried to thank her to do his job that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me, and he just nodded, and he said,``Let's be fine.
We're going to be good . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching the resource collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, and we worked together and made good friends.
I want to believe that Paula was right . .
We're going to be okay . .
But in our efforts to rethink the way we exist on this planet as we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of labor hand.
Music waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of the nation of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by making part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from local conditions and traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in Ethiopia capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need a lot of energy because of reversing heat in the inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen, because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, it doesn't have anything to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame to try so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the ancient market, which is this open-air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to little marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by the site, which is located in a much growing zone of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also among two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this extends with a close atrium that creates a space outdoors in the building that is self-dealed, by its own way, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue, similar to a perpetrator shell with perfections to allow the air entrance, and also the light, but in a filtered way.
And then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the dresses of the ages.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little previously pregnant pieces that are the windows that allow the air to pass air and light in a way controlled inside of the building.
This is a supplement with these little crystals of color that use light from inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a shopping center . It's not what we asked . ''
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because at the end of the, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it was no longer needed air air.
So we got certain savings in the budget we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy sustainability for building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these plates on the roof, which are together collect water for the sanitation.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one that I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the middle, a thousand years of ancient antibody, which was surrounded by a wall with a document with a document with doctor, almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend existing streets, creating 12 similar baseball blocks in size and features that are in Barcelona and other Europe cities with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this changed the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the teacher plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that makes sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and Arab City . .
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then on the bottom plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density on top levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to portray the community the space occupied by building.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socialize, and make such as to run a two kilometers in the morning, or jump from a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same pace that build buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple, but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of very bright hair and a small stage of pencils, cute ., it was very strong for state capitals, very good for organization.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
I was a time after the school left . It was a little bit late, and I hid in the girl's bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I came out, I in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher's book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my, just a little bit, just a few.
And I went back to the book to the drawer, but to see, some of my other companions had very good notes as well.
So in a frenzy, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them to every row of B and myself, a line of this, just for being there, because I could ...
I still wonder what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It was that everything was decentralized.
They never discovered me.
But above everything, I was described why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for original.
I'm intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so ponetic.
We know babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . Blue birds are very likely.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouse killers in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that includes loneliness, or long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the laboratory where the cells are studying the jealousy in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there wouldn't be Helen the infinite, no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealous, nor``The thousand and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
They disappear the high school reading lists, because we would be losing``The noise and the Furby ,"there would be no``Gatsby"or``Partier"-- we would lose from``March Boyle"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Protocol . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and, in terms of jealousy, almost all of them.
This year, you have a hundred years of their masterpiece,``For the lost time ,"the most exhibiting study of sexual cells and also the order of ordinary competitiveness, my own, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humble magnetic in the wash.
We forgot how hard that picture is.
We forgot how wonderful it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wool said were as hard as a chart of cat.
I don't know what the cat of cat is, but we assume it's super-energy.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Proust.
Is it going to be very obvious as the cells, who are reduced to the person, to their desire, to their improvisations, are a solid basis.
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy . .
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong . .
Being the storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to include, to slow the knife, right?
The jealousy makes all of us amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could empower another, perhaps right now . ''
And it starts to tell yourself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single cold that Swelt is in his lover, he adds her to her collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Swelveath and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, the prostheses of Proust would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a hard job . Right??
The cells are aggressive.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the jealousy???
The cells are nurtured from information.
The jealousy uses the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small stage of pencils.
The cells are nurtured from photos . .
That's why Instagram is so successful, and it's a lot of link the language of the landmark.
When Swedia is in his rut of jealousy, I'm soon hearing behind the doors and the bribe to the servers of his lover, so it defines those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know that this is reported, but it's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Program is trying to demonstrate that the cells are interactive and make us seem absurd, but, in their way, it's pursuit of knowledge, search of truth, a real painful truth . In fact, to Protocol, the more painful truth, the better . .
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the pathways to the Propeller wisdom.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes a range of feelings much more profound and vital than a wise man that can be interested in us . ''
Is it telling us we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal ourselves.
And is there some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there some other emotion reveals our creativity, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at such peculiar intensity?
Freud wrote about it later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife would put it . .
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Sorry too much? Or does it accidentally match with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the consent of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the jealousy cells make us look at intensity but unprecedented.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I I think, the cells take us to do violent or illegal acts.
The cells drive us to behave in fully unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it . But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman in Michigan age 52 was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook since the one that was sent messages, horrible to himself for a year.
For a year . It's a year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of her ex, and I have to trust that when or this, I reacted with admiration.
Because, we're realistic.
What huge, even though, creativity, creativity . Right?
It's like a novel.
Like a November Heritage novel.
Higging is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train ,"and``The talented Mr. Ricky ,"books that are trying to do how the jealousy jealousy, trust our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what might be, can be prosthetic in an instant.
Take Tom Ricky, her most famous character.
Tom Ripula is going to want to want, or want what you have to take advantage of your self, and you're going to move out of what you've ever had, and it's under the floor . You respond to your name, take your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? we can't take Tom Ricky's route.
I can't give you A to everybody, as much as I wanted . .
It's a pity, because we live in envy times.
We live in jealousy times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where is the envy??????
The novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to the 215 of Baker Street and ask by Shakespeare Holes.
When people think about Hollywoods, think about the curse of the Martine Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [to] Lester Lester, the head face of Scott Yad who needs Hollywood desperately, needs the Hollywood genius, but it bothers.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesson needs its help, but it is it, and it's burned with bitterness in the each one of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Seven Gaps Avatar ,"once Hollywoods comes into, increases all of them with his solution, Latin comes back to Hollywoods and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hollywoods . .
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person in Scott Yards who didn't want to shake his hand . .
It's one of the times that we see Hollywoods translated in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a million Hollywoods, it's on the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being the answer.
Could it even be so simple?
What if the cells are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other??
Well, maybe we don't have to be about the excellence of the other . .
We can align with it.
But I like connectivity plans.
So as we as we wait for that, we remember that we have the fiction to take us.
Only the fiction is definiting the jealousy.
The fiction alone used to invite them to the table . .
And look at what I would add: the sweet Santa, the February Tower, the lock Tom Ripula, the lot of Santa Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11, and he went down on the Marine of The Music.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the surface surface gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the history of the United States.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including the Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the Moon.
Doctor walked on their surface, of which Aldrin after Armstrong's death, the past year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of back : 388 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would emphasize later, a new sense of the little bit and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1976 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why is the moon?
Why would we turn it into our goal??
And they could also ask, why would it climb the highest mountain??
35 years ago, why to fly over the Atlantic?
Why do I play Rice against Texas??
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pole: For contemporary, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder about the transcendence of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to be done.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the policeman eradicated, and smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to get what Alvin Turkey in 1970 called``accelerating force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, Apollo 10's crew flew 40,000 miles.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism of optimism about the power of technology has evolved when we see that the technology is going to solve how to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be introduced.
I remember looking at Apollo 17 . .
I was five years old, and my mother told me not to look at the clean escape of the Saturn V rocket.
I knew vague that this would be the last moon, but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it during the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists have been distracted and had enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less ambitious companies than the years of Intel, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment causes that you change the creation of transformative ideas by funding incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It's mostly explaining what's wrong in Silicon Valley . .
Even when the risk capitalists were at their legal point, without worrying about risk, they would prefer little investments, tiny investors that they could go out in 10 years.
The CEOs have always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital, and that development is in the long term . They have never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate value.
No, the reasons we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars will require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels, less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, businesspeople and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will incentivize development of alternative energy: mostly, a meaningful increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that looked like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for a long time that hunger are results of failure in food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that hunger are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine while there are bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true we cannot solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions should support the solution; it must really be a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, is with those criteria.
But it's a reduction model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no garaging competition like the Cold War, there's no a politician like John Kennedy that inherit the difficult and the dangerous, and there is no a popular science of science fiction as to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon, it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days . .
And I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Okay, I, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're as common that they have become clicks of our society.
I think it's three . .
The first one is a claim: there's been a great decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal: we should have more trust . .
And third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the clarify, the goal, and the task has been interacted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a clapping, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a clearer idea about the subject.
First of all, the clean: why people think that trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I would encourage to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and it could have increased others.
I have no clear.
But I can turn to the opinion surveys, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there are not many evidence of it.
That is, the people that are focused on 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway.
But is this evidence?
What the opinion surveys record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register??
What you're looking at are generic attitudes that people manifest when you ask some questions.
Do you trust politicians? Trust teachers?
Now, if someone asked you,``Do you trust the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen??
Do you trust the primary teachers? ''
You probably start to ask yourself,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust some of them, but in others no . ''
What's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to depend on trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain type of official, working or kind of person, is going to be uniform in every case.
I could, for example, to say that I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give the kind of reading, but in no way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it was not a good driver.
I could trust my most local friend to keep a conversation, but no, perhaps, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our daily lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think more abstract?
I think that surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to operate good inherent judgment to the fact of trusting something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal??
The goal is to have more trust . .
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue.
I would argue to have more trust in what is trusted to trust, but not what it is.
In fact, I'm a paradox of not trusting what's reliable . .
And I think that those people who were dependent on their savings with the very carefully called Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more trust is not a smart goal in this life.
Deposited trust or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say that, you say, yeah, yeah, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain aspects.
And I think that to be able to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent?? Are you honest? Are you responsible???
And if you find that a person is competent in the personalized matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a confidence.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely destined.
If it's so, I'm still not happy.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before I trust.
The trust is the answer.
Responsibility is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard . .
In the last few decades, we've tried to build system accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than I'm going to attend . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trust and translation testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What you do is you have the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, demanding them that``margin the boxes ,"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
Everything, all of that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliable, and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust and we would transfer to the people that we are reliable, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, what's not done properly.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task to rebuild trust, put things back.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves . .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if two people are together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we give them other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough ones so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat, usually, all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to deliver the foster evidence that you're worthy of trust . .
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, the ordinary people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give you no explanations.
I take you and get my money, or you're changing them for the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me . .
I think there's a big lesson in that . .
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is trustworthy.
Thank you.
Since the beginnings of computers, we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the screen of the screen where the imagination can be broken.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, and so on, that's less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
I first created this tool that's inside of digital space, so that when the opposite against the screen, it will transform its physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, you break the barriers.
But the two hands stay still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the Microsoft app division, along with my mentor Cat Burank, I redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area area.
combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect fingers and face, now you can lift the keyboard hands, get into the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with the hands.
As windows and files have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a shelf.
You can pick up the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
So in these examples, we interconnected in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and I put things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about us.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, rather than just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future like that?
At MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Revolution Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was embrace gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And when I digitally program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means to say that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically, and at the distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to disconnect from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppressed that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Human, China, in the '70s . .
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses.
But my mother said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them . .
After survival the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a closed path towards happiness: safe and good work.
No matter whether the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start training from very young people to learn the activists, so I tried everything I I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote the director of school and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adult was given the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
Only my friends were supportive, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at age 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream will never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing that I could aspire.
And this was so unfair . .
So I solved to look for another voice.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went to books.
[" Total works"of Santa -- Santa Humbrake's``Listly lessons"in the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is about Chinese change life.
And it's not convenient . I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but odd.
That's a theme for another day . .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honor your father and mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said .``It's so different, and much better than I obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confusion trap, and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture led to my comparative reading habit.
It makes a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
Compassionate reading is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to fields of research like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contract, offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people from Walter Scott . [`` John Adams"by David McLuhan, who were involved in a same, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Tower of Church"Thomas Martin, rather than lost in translation, found that you can gain a lot of it . .
For example, it's through translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, it literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I won't feel alone or powerless.
Having a broken dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that the fact is not the only purpose of a dream.
His most important purpose is to connect us to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from . .
Even a destructive dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and with clarity, most of the time.
So the books always embrace them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first physicist of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex . .
Alex went into the first session using cables and a hole shot, and he threw on the couch of my office, and he said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a paradigm as a first client.
And I played a tape that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stupid stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to move the head while we had the solution.
\" The 30s are the new 20s ,"Alex said, and so I, she was right.
You start working later, you're home later, you have children later, to death.
For vehicles like Alex and I had time.
But soon after, my, my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I resisted.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out with guys below his category, it's about a hollow head, but it's not like it's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe it married with the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in Alex's marriage is before it marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment.
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20s.
Yes, people feel head after what they used, but this didn't make Alex's 20 was a pause in their development.
This made the Alex's 20 of Alex was the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and I had real consequences, not just for Alex and its loving life, but for the careers, families and the future of airplanes everywhere.
There are 50 million shells in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one to get to adulthood without going through the ages.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the vehicles here.
Oh, yeah! They're incredible . .
If you work with vehicles, you love a vehicle, you remove the dream a shark, I want to see . It's good . Incredible, the volumes really matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and times,``Aha!"that gives you your life will have happened when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be well, I . .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 . .
We know that the brain ends up its second and latest stage of growth in its 20s and replicated for adulthood, which means that if there's something that you want to change yourself, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time in life, and we know the female fertility comes to their top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 1920s are the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become.
But what we don't hear with frequently is there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vehicles are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20s an extended adolescence.
journalists are telling the radio names, like``Twitters"and``chips . ''
It's true . .
As a culture, we've considered a tribe that actually is the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true??
What do you think happens when you pat a scan in your head and you say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart vehicles, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says, as you start a career before the 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are to end and I still have nothing to show.
I had better culture the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this, ,``My dates during the 1920s were like the chairs.
They all run, and they were fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music took off, and they all began to sit . .
I didn't want to be the only one who was stuck, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the vessels here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the Thirty and so many of the start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once at 30.
The media crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of tribes and countries look at themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the vehicles are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a meat.
As cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living a few very difficult, their previous life was even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then he lifted himself when he said,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came put his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for direction, and it had spent the whole morning filling it with a lot of contacts, but then you kept seeing the empty space that follows after the words``In Eastern Earthquake, please call me to...''
I was about the story when I saw me and said,``Who's going to be to me if I have a car accident???
Who's going to take care of me if I give cancer? ''
At that time, I had a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . . ''
What Emma needed was not a translation that really cares about . .
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decline of Emma was going out.
So, during the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all the time, man or woman, deserves . .
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and got identity capital.
By identity capital, I mean to do something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later . .
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not going to get rid of the speaker exploration, I'm decising the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protocell.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are great to bring them to the airport, but the vehicles that are together with friends with similar minds are limited by who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes out of their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called the friends of friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the vehicles have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and weak links are the form of color to this group.
Half of the jobs created never, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's science of how information happens.
Finally, not less importantly, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vertical, Emma soon chose her family, when I have a mate and form her own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But let's choose the person that you live with now or you're looking at you now when everyone in Facebook begins to walk towards the altar is not progress.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're in the job.
To choose your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you choose them to you.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museums.
This married with a man who elected consciously.
He love his new career, he loves his new family, and he sends me a letter that said,``Now the emergency spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with vehicles.
It's very easy to help them.
The vehicles are like airplanes that come out of Los Angeles airport, they go somewhere from the West.
Just before the takeoff, a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even the 29, a good conversation, a good conversation, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even the next generations.
So here's my idea of spreading to all the vehicles you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege to tell vehicles like Emma every day: The signs are not the new 20s, they pick up their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak links, they choose your family.
They don't let them define what they didn't know or what they did.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job in management conservation for a job that was even more picky: the doctor . .
I went to teach them mathematics to graduate students in New York City public schools.
And as any professor, it applied exams and testing.
I give them tasks.
When the job comes back, it calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have CTIP scores.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me to think . .
The kind of thing that they need to learn in the seventh grade mathematics, secure, are hard: proportions, decosed, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years more years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the way.
It's the I.Q ., but what if having success in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in faster and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study, my, was, who's successful here and why??
My research team and I went to the Michael West Pastade.
We tried to predict what the costs would stay in military training and who would retreat.
We went to the National Context of Delhi, and we tried to predict what children would move most far in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective of improving outcomes of their students?
We associate with private companies, wondering, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to make more money???
In all these very different contexts, a feature arose as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It was not good appearance, physical health, and it was not the I.Q.
It was the determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to get to their future, day after day, not just a week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the Chicago public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then waited about more than a year to see who graduate.
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly more likely to graduate, even when I started them in every feature that I could measure, things like the family income, the results of standardized evidence, even security that children were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or in the National Context of Delet where the determination matters . It's also in school, especially for children at risk.
For me, the most shocking thing about the determination is how little we know, how little you know about your development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop the determination in children???
What should I do to teach kids a studies ethic.
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know what I do know is that talent doesn't give you any determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are lots of talented individuals that simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, it's not commonly related to it or is even related to the talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Debri, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes, and it grows in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I will end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the learned lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined . .
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculation, one of my most advanced memories is my mother showing beauty, shape and figure of Chinese characters.
Ever since that moment, I wonder about this incredible language.
But for a stranger, it seems to be as impossible as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I I've been wondering if I can run this wall, so that it wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language, can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method and quickly learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years . .
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read signals of transit, menus menus, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today, I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the fire form is a arms person on both sides, as if it was screaming in a fractal way,``Automatic! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a single, the old West.
I call the radio to these eight characters.
They're building blocks so that they think many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowds.
If a person would stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was like this . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a tree tree is pretty identified.
Remember fire?
Two fires together, it's very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burn.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out of the horizon.
A door . You put a table inside the door, it's the line of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Touch, played someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, expanding, , evade . .
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing . .
Three women together, they're careful.
So we've already happened for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radiologists will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as you learn a eight-year-old Chinese.
So after meeting the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China . .
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan . .
One person behind Japan, what do we have??
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains piled over the other.
In ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employers would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become to go.
A mouth that tells you where to come out is a output.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad are the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children, and when my daughter was four, we saw the Oz magician together.
The movie mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glast, of course . .
He gave him a nice excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live, and we raised our children in a kind of a complex form of child fantasy.
However, the Wizard of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a quarter years later with, interestingly, another movie whose prototypes, a metal boy, and a flood boy rescued a girl dressed as enemy guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yes . .
There's a big difference between these two films, a couple of big differences between the Wizard of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Wizard of Oz is done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the Oz salvation as the prophecy predicted . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated army army.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic, wise characters, wildlife are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
It's only three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supervision level had gone down, and so he turned out in the room and he was impressed as a mom leg with his potatoes behind, and I I don't think he understood what was going on, but, inevitably, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what perceived.
Would they be value, perseverance and loyalty issues??
Would it have the sense that Luke got a army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the Oringa magician in 1939.
How do Dorothy make your movie???
By doing good guys with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Oz, OK, not a world of men fighting, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in movies for our children, and so little about the way of yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
You know, by experience that the Line princess doesn't provide the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults who is blended . -- I I think at the time of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right???
My quest has finished, I a girlfriend.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend Disney's princess before any of you.
But send a message to kids, even though they, the kids, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There is no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Mermanien and Katrina, but they don't stop being war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical, every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raised a little girl.
Until a lot of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out.
I recommend it to all of you . It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what the critic said when it came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess . ''
It's very good . Don't let them stop it!
Well, almost none of these films is going to happen.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has not yet taken roots and already spread, but perhaps today we will start a movement . .
Alexander Beckett is a comic comic driver, and in the middle 1980s, a conversation I had had with a friend about the evaluation of films that you saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that you have to do: In the movie, there are more than a female character.
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else from the guy who you like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality movie, Argua.
Right? Oscar Rumon, toxic success, a consensus idea of what's a Hollywood movie.
Virtually, it doesn't happen in Beck.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the residents of the residents.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have profound and painful conversations in this hiding, and it's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``You come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protocells??
It's an idea . It's not wrong . .
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a greater number than this is going to be disappointed.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
Here's what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says he's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that . .
I don't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual aggressions.
Who are those guys?? What are they learning???
What do you not get to learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk?
Are we looking at that story??
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics, and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our disposal as a power guide, and we hope that it's going to help, but I have to ask,``Does it play power to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power? ''
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new domestic definition.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the apparatus.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars knows what he responded?
Well-being.
Western Kenya and Glast . .
What do these two have in common?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which I tell my son: See and struggle only and more stories where he saw his job is joining a team, perhaps a team led by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies in Maine's shores because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They are sand covered and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love of the past and archaeology.
And finally when I started studying ecologist, I I I to see with my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery.
To try to make a map of the past, I I had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern deposit of Egypt called Benjamine.
And the place, in the simple view, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color, it suddenly looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Italy was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fair, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient art, Egyptian and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum plan.
This area is enormous, it's about six by 4,000 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to Italy, and as it changed over time, it moved into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a security city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA technological data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this kind of slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, which we think could be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say I'm sampling, it's like sample shows in ice, but rather than layers of climate change, we seek layers of human occupation.
Five meters below, under a thick glass layer, we found a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five meters below, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years of the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Italy.
We also find jobs of wood -- connection, quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem that it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire hierarchy, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have resources to engage young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can do great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the vacation.
There's nothing like that on earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984.
It made ideas actually happen in 1984 BC in a lost city not for a long time and found from high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes . .
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door door.
I wanted you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's done.
Now visualize a group of non-steps obese.
They're competing in an automatic race of bicycles, and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're very strong, they're sweating, they're going out a lot.
And you collide against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying around all of them, wheels that go on next to the wheels that end up in absurd places.
To the lobby, to the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . Light shines over the Galapagos Mountains.
It's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel their blue fur by making them in the nose . .
You can smell the oats cookie, and you can smell it out of the mouth.
Walk on one side and train your living room.
Already in the room, and making a maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with a little clothes, dancing about his center of center, singing``Hit Me Boy . ''
Now let's go to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a way of yellow brick and the oven from the oven to you Dorothy, the Man of Lagos, the Spanish and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"the hands, jumping up to you.
Okay . You open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's taken every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memorial Campaign.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping, I, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorized the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes . minutes . .
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a boat deck.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one is a man named Ed Coke who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realized you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who participated in this competition say that they have normal memory.
\" We've trained ourselves to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I have heard of this before? ''
We were standing outside of the hall of the competition, and Ed, who's a wonderful, brilliant English, even though a little bit exciting, said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
You know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a live of living lives, national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me . .
You have to start for something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also investigating it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E8.
He's an amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how extent our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pete . He was based for the Pakistan Hoffman role in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the Salt Lake City public library, memorizing telephone books; it was central.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and culture was not a thing as rare as it can look today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds . .
These techniques have done our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us also.
As we almost don't have need to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where we still find people passionate for this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so unique; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College in London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
Do you want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or adaptive of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a MRI MRI machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow, and found that in memory champions, they were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
In effect they used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involved spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The transportation of competitive memory is made as a armed career where every year appears someone with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of competitors must be put a day . .
This is my Ben Prize friend, three times in memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 barrels of debated tons that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the accurate order of 440 random binary digits.
Yes.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all techniques used at the end of the end, they reduce a single concept that psychologists call``electric coding . ''
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the Balley paradox . [Baker] says the following: I tell two people who remember the same word . I tell you,``You remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's his apple . .
And then I asked them,``Remember there's a baby . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask you,``Do you remember that word that I told you a while? ''
\" Do you remember what? ''
The person who told her that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person that he said his job is``baby . ''
Same word, different memory capacity; that's weird . .
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for your head.
But the word,``barrel"-- we know panels.
They use simple white hats.
They have flour in the hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we've heard that word for the first time, we started putting assault employees to have them easily at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is a 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the palace of memory.
And the story says this: There was a poet called Symmetries that assisted a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you don't bring up a DJ, you hire a poet.
He stood up, he received his poem of memory, and he was marked, and so soon he was, the bank room collapsed.
killing us all.
But not only killed all of them, but it delivered the bodies by leaving them.
Nobody could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Simulators, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed their eyes, and realized that with his mind's eyes, he could see where he had been sitting every single invited.
I took the family in the hand by taking them to where their loved ones were in the rubble.
What Simularist was in that moment is something that we all know about, and we all know that no matter whether we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or words for words for the word of our colleagues, we have exceptional visual and spatial memory.
If you ask you to recover the first 10 words of the story I just told you about apes, it's very likely that it's very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who I was sitting on the horse, the brown horse in their lobby would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, funny, conferenced, awesome, answer the image, more unusual.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work??
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it from memory, in the same way that it would have done it, Cical if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're at the door of your house.
And to identify some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiration.
And then you can imagine getting into your house, and you can see the Galapagos Montana mounted on Mister Ed . .
And that would remind you you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth topic of that they would talk to it would be that weird journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember.
That's how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for words, which is going to confuse it, but typical by typical . .
In fact, the term``typical ,"comes from the Greek``touches ,"which means``place . ''
It's a view of when people thought about the anger and the rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms.
The phrase``first place ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I stood up in that.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this subculture of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is an expensive event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking exams . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets massive.
I'm a journalist and I need to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school announcement bought in a picture market.
And I discovered this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be . .
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's actually about doing is better and more and more about the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, communical, prosthetic, unexpected, absolute, window, in the eye of mind.
I'm very pleased with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of oranges and a couple of greenhouse glasses with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory performance experiment.
I thought this could serve a good job for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they are based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that you're going to build particles from memory or memorize barriers of coastler, to benefit with a little bit of persuasion about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it's an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of profound processing, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't even run around.
But the reality is there's no shortcuts.
That's how things are made.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, it's what E., the freak that I couldn't even remember that had a memory problem, I left myself, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence for us in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to human beings in front of us, who will walk on our side . Are we so heating that we don't even bother in processing in depth?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person that you remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes . .
It's a complex issue, so we will just take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from nine years ago, I was six and lived there at my parents' home in a village called Linux, and this was my kid's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared my sister.
And, between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there's all the time I was looking at the TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody would see me . And every time I got down and I went back in a towel, everyone saw me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
I hated that tour, I hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no diversity division, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even notice.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I, I know what makes them a building, they think about power,``stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you're thinking about it that way for a building in a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disappointment that's using architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
The people they build . Universities and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Linux Public Library that was ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, that are going to be able to communicate with this building: children, ownership values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library ended up, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle . .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, two buildings, both of these libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the forms of life.
We add, we published and we drive so much, that we were completely moving from people.
Everybody in black, this depressed us . You think we feel so well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and get to connect with those appropriate symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like a translator, so we start experimenting again; we're doing the partner back forward, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brutality.
It's about the ants.
That can be added.
Small windows, in a human scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We pushed the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know we like, and we update them.
We add up and we added steps and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't take a clue.
We take Chicago and we turned them into skyscrapers, which can be media calculations made of glass.
The shapes were taken, they won in audacity and colorful.
The non-steps became columns.
Scientists grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the room in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in suburbia, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to medicine, to the French, or the Italian.
It's probably with a loaf of bread sticks.
This is what happens with the post-conflict.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they are cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated, and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decision.
We're looking at historical symbols; we now have new techniques of design assisted by computer, and we find new compositions -- some ways that are stars against other forms.
This is academic and embarrassing, and it's super popular; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the dark pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building was built.
It's the Guanshada of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry . .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics, academics and public in general, were completely agreed with a building.
The New York Times took this miraculous building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spinosaurus.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere . .
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media got around them and rapidly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
Same the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium happened with other star architects.
I happened to Zathelle and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, and digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they'd have to have walked to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is sped up: you can take a ship, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we all are architecture photographers, and the building moves beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight , 100 more buildings, before I know what I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but of 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have any idea how much they did.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we are in the largest revolution in architecture since the invention of the ant, the steel or the elevator revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to media, it starts getting faster and faster and faster, and it's going to be in both extremes almost in the same way, and it's effectively drawn the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and the audience.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was embedded.
This is the center of a village called Pentagon Island in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly to the finished product, there was no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people began to come and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a means of communication, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, it becomes part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruptions with the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries of Lindituaros.
If that building is built today, we first would go to the Internet looking for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Music that can lead to the mayor of Linditoic, to the people of Linditoes, and tell them that there is no unique answer to what a library can be today . .
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use magnificent words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a developed audience that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you're not allowed to get into architecture.
That means that the simple pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to problems facing society.
This is the end of the story of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in ancient Sevier city can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad red mission of red label based on ideas of what's supposed to be a stadium.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because ultimately we're ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are loving the caps of nature and not the contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sport or yoga, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community around that cause, it's no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of kidney, as muscle and fiber as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological, more intelligent and more nice.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're not on the opposite side.
Find an architect, build and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape them to the smallest spaces: local libraries, homes where we form our children, and the day of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stewart.
It just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it that great, typical, typical way of a year, working, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally beautiful . .
And one of the things he likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and chicken, and it gives yourself those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of their friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And it made me think,``When stopped doing this? ''
How is it that we're suddenly not comfortable with our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is F, it's 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit . .
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week at school.
It's got a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because even though your mom tells you all the time that it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you that it's ugly.
Among what your mom tells you and what your friends, or school companions say, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video from it, publishes it on YouTube, and I ask others to please leave a comment,``Am I a beautiful??? ''
Well, so far, Facebook has gotten over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, that it doesn't even deserve it thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal, current teenager that receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's going to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, , checking, giving me,``I like ,"by eating, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in their bedroom every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from that are unpleasant.
This environment, of being always connected, is pushing our children to engage based on the number of``I like"and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what's digitally manipulated.
What is the most detailed in someone's life in front of what's normal in a daily context??
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are portrayed from the news of the girls now.
Zero models continue to dominate our passwords.
The advance technique is now a routine.
And trends like: teacher, to the television, the biomaterial and the prosthetic.
For those of you who know it, it means protocell.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare.
But kids are not immune to this.
The supermarket stores of the sport, and the remote singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be a well-being.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we are teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they don't think they're nice enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the labor development camp.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They avoid participating in classrooms, because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspects.
One in five are not attending class at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see you well enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a less than the average of your peers who don't worry about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what actually weigh these young people.
So, so that it's pretty clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is embracing academic performance.
And it's also damaging health.
Teachers with a little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in higher risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions, such as the consumption of alcohol and drugs, drastic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing to the healthcare system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it . .
Women who think they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of performance.
17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day where they don't feel secure with the way they look.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity would be?
Lightly to release this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that???
Well, talking, for itself, it doesn't take you very far . .
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is family influence, friends and relationships.
These six ways are critical parties for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but to address this problem requires from each of us that we take the surplus in the issue and be a better model to follow with women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you how our politicians are in terms of hair or the size of their breasts, or the size of their breasts, or inspiring that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look.
All of us can begin by making it take responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you,``When was the last time you kiss a mirror? ''
In short, we have to work together as communities, like governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up to value their entire person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestal.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make it be the ones that come out in the big screen, because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they believe the way they think they're never going to get them who they are, or achieving what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind???
Is your wife?
Is your sister?
Her daughter?
Is your niece? Is your friend?
It could be just the woman who is two distance seats . What would it mean for her if it was released from that autonomous voice in its interior, which was stopped by not having long legs, more thin, a more flat, feet, smaller foot.
What would it mean for her if we were supporting this, and we would say,``Does it lead to its potential that way? ''
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all together.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's tell you that the way you see it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are, and why they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we're working together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small transportation of a year of age today will become agents of insurance change in the morning.
Let's do it.
On November five , 1990, a gentleman named Elithtai Norway came into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Real Kahn rabbi, the leader of the Jewish Defense League.
Now, Neva initially declared it innocent, but being prisoner by other minor charges, in others, they started planning attacks at the 12 icons of New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Fortunately those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid.
Later, I would never be convicted by his participation in that bombing.
Elizabeth Norway is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher, among the two made all the possible childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims, to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there's always a little fraction of people who are so artificially stressed to their convictions that think you need to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them . .
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained that in the last few weekends, he and some friends, had been going to a shot training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me I would go with him the next day.
We got to the College of Charter Clock that, without knowing our group, was visited by the FBI.
When I got to throw, my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained how to aim the target at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet I shot, I gave the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise all of them, especially, the whole goal exploded in flames.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, said,``I abuse . ''
From such a parent, such a son.
Everybody, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny to them.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a carrier with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and went to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``ambassador ,"which means uncle.
When I was 19, I, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone, it was now time to start and go to another city.
So, as I was always the new face of the class, it was a victim victim.
I was a secret of my identity to avoid being white . But it will be the new class of class, silence and regulating, was enough.
So most of the time I went home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, and to grow under fantasy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was trained to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they had to test my way of thinking, was during the presidential election of 2000.
In a university program that I participated at the Japanese National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youth violence, because I had been a material victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendships, was Jewish . .
I took several days to go to light this detail, and I realized there was no animal between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before I had a Jewish friend, and frankly I felt very proud of having been able to see the barrier that all life had made me believe.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all the mushrooms were bad influences.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and least critical I ever seen in life.
Having been a kid, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it was not easy to treat a nice person, exactly the way I wish to be treated.
And so I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that's a homosexual, but I do know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Danisk Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart would be intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many forms, he became my leg figure at a time where I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my father, extremists, was not vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something to conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with my eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless democracy and said,``I tired to hate . ''
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate into your interior.
My real name is not Zathineng American.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple . .
I've done it because I hope somebody, one day, who's trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that even though I, I was given to this violent and intellectual ideology, I didn't get a fan . .
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk, against those meaningless acts, as I reject the actions of my father.
With this simple, I set up here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents's way . .
I'm not my father . .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much.
At this point there is a movie that's projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multi-carried movie.
It's in 3D, and it's got a dirty sound of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your movie has amazing, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as the moments of your childhood who are projected in your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything.
This film is your consciousness flow, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, anything in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies??
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce outcomes without experiencing the Internet movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective . .
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, they predicted that vision.
psychology was studying the behavior of the behavior, and the neuroscience was studying the brain properly, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, everything began to change.
Neurosciences like French Crick and physicists like Roger Penn said,``Now it's time for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flow of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great . .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment . .
The center of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic job that Nancy Kansas did a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain it by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain to consciousness -- questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's no offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it didn't address the real central mystery of this matter: Why do all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like brainstorms, like the hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical surfaces are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the humans operate, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt, and they metabolized the living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't actually have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the self-double that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, great explanations . We get used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
On the other, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is there is no such hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behavior of the brain, and that's what it needs to explain.
Well, more power for him . .
That's the kind of radical idea we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reducing consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They post fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and there is the world.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is alert.
In the 19th century, Maxwell discovered that you cannot explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton's laws, and I put the basic laws of the electromagnetic, and put the electric burden as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation we find with consciousness.
If you cannot explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, payload, then by a question of logic, you have to alert the list.
The most natural thing would be post-conflict consciousness, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them in a branch.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called paradigm:``Pandemic"for all, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when he thinks,``Oh, I will always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have a raw feeling element, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do anyone think something so crazy?
In part, it comes from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illogical, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more about nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate thinking with the physical process, is linked awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there is consciousness.
complex information processing, as in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, a Giutome Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it remotely with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called Pixar, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to be a picture of consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of piano, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there is a middle degree of information integration, just quite significant, a very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the grade degree.
The level of information integration is smaller, but it's not zero.
In Tonya's theory, there will still be a level of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of piano, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that parallel can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies it.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where is the fire from equations? ''
From the passionate vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not in the physical world as a kind of additives.
It's right there in the center.
So this vision, I think, parallel vision, has the potential to make our relationship with nature, and can have a pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a paradigm and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that it tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the movie``hurt"?
Is it conscious?
According to the view of parallel information, she has a complicated information processing processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have pretty serious ethical problems on the ethic of the development of smart computer systems, and the ethics of that.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective, the planet.
How does it have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the inner movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to be taken seriously.
So this parallel vision, it's a radical view, and I don't know if it's right . .
I'm actually more secure than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that in the second, that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If no, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We cannot wait at night.
But I think we will eventually let you find it.
Understanding consciousness is true, I think, to understand the universe and understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I got together with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
It was all very normal . .
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to name for a prize of the community.
And my parents said,``Well, that's pretty nice, but there is a obvious problem.
She's actually not got anything ."And they were right . .
I went to school, I had good grades . After the school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series``Bure Slim ,"and``Damast's Creek . ''
Yes, I know it . What a contradiction.
But they were right . .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What a speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law of discipline for about good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, talk about inspiring things at school? ''
\" Usually, in the act hall . ''
And it was then when I realized,``This kid had had experiences with people with disability, as objects of inspiration . ''
And we are not . And it's not the fault of the guy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We are not real people . We are there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I're afraid to disappoint them.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that you have lied to disability to disability.
Yes, we've been sold to lie that disability is a bad thing, A capital, M muscle.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability to you.
It's not a bad thing, and it can't make it great.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You can have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuses is invited . ''
Or this one:``Before leaving, intuition! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there is a lot of them.
It can be you've seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil super-exponentially.
You may have seen a child running with carbon fiber legs.
And there are a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the world's term deliberately, because they consume a group of people for the benefit of other groups of people.
So in this case, we consultated the disabled disabled disabled people.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think,``Well, by very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But what if you are that person???
I've lost the number of times that I've been strangers to wonder that you think I am courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my job had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to hack.
These images, those images encode people with disabled disabilities of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
Let's overcome some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think of.
It's not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm subsiding to call the social model of disability, that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live in because of our bodies or diagnoses.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close with him . .
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything outside of the common . .
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to make them in the way we do that, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're an inspiration source ,"it tells you as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because they've been sold that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
And I'm here by cutting the inspiration, and you think,``Oh, God, Steve, are you not sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at the moment.
However, I don't learn that I am more fortunate than them . .
I'll learn that this is a great idea to use a few blocks of barbecue to collect the things that are falling to me, learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery on the cell phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is exceptional and collectively.
I really believe that that lie that you've sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lie is that it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a break of stairs has never made it a ramp.
Never . I'm going to smile to a television screen will not appear the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and raising a positive attitude to convert all those books into the braille.
It's simply not going to happen . .
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Bure Slide ,"doesn't consider anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get rid of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a child in 11 grade in a high school of Melbourne is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us great, but question what you believe to know about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy??
And what is the average speed of a gallery.
Unfortunately, today I only respond to one of those questions, so please don't go away.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about``Minority Report ,"and in Tom Cruise, bringing the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality??
The first step is what I'm wearing: Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you probably don't know is that Google Glass is a device that lets them see what I see.
Let me experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and knowing what's running through the game camp at 100 miles, , the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a man in 110 pounds will come to us, trying to engage with all of its self.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass is using under the helmet, and give you an idea of that . .
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NFL practices, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine rising to the surface . But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kliin: Let's go . .
It's horrible to be talented.
One moment . Let's zoom a little bit.
So?
Go!
Chris Klein: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being carried in the football field, from the perspective of the card.
You'll notice that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corruption from the University of Washington.
field Martian: Matters 54!
Blue 8, Blue 8! Go!
Chris Kliin: This is a little bit more about sensation to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter,``You can see it from the angle of a field.
Or from a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get into fill, how do we take it to the next level?
We take it at that level using something called October Rift, that a lot of you know.
The October Rice has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap . .
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!!
No, no, no . I don't want to keep playing! No!!
Oh, my God! Oh!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What's the experience of a fan when we recorded a video from Adrian Peter crossing the line, disappearing from a card with the arm before running and making an antibody?
When I can be Messages running through the court, launching the ball to the bottom of the network, or Federal making a line in Williams???
What will your experience when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the adult sales sales.
But this is not even augmented.
It's just virtual reality, Rove.
How do we achieve augmented reality, R?
We'll take the augmented reality when the coaches, the managers and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games?? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief report about technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore Popus put a wrist to their field market to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the fields of fields and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine you're a player going back to your group, and you see their next play show in front of you, in a plastic of plastic that you're wearing, and you won't have to worry about forgetting a game . .
It's to memorize strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose games, and they hate losing games.
If you lose games, you want a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game . .
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner corner, having a view from the top of the people down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working on . .
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know.
Bad ones will have information.
This would differentiate the good teams of evil.
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis will stop being for nerds.
Who would also be for sports . Who would have imagined?
What would it be like in the field?
Imagine you're the field market.
You get the ball and back.
You're looking for an open receptors . Suddenly, a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight, you see that a defense behind you is going to attack . Normally, you won't see it, but the R system is adapted.
Advantage to the protection area.
Another flower admitted you there's an open receptor.
You launched the ball, but you would laugh.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receptor sees in its bombsight an area of grass that lights and can modify the race.
It's about, it grabs the ball, running and analogy.
The audience comes up and the fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'll make a lot of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it only as bread and circus, as our usual entertainment??
Because I think we can use it for something else . .
I think we can use the augmented reality to encourage empathy between human beings, to show someone how, literally, be in somebody else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology worth a professor in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being pursued?
How much is it for a Houstic Command or a Debar December Testachy trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than quarterly and Random notes?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges we face, depend, as usual, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the Higmer Patrick of California.
Most of those 23 years, I I spent them by putting the south end of the Maria County County, including the Goldin Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, mostly known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Streets, chief engineer to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is practically a test of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is no practical or practical . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have saved their death from that bridge.
Some of them believe that travel between the two towers will take you to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, such that the fall from it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath clean up your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one inch of four to five seconds, the body hit against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which prefer vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't, usually they get off in the indicator water and then drowned.
I don't think that you have this method of suicide, you realize the mass of suicide that you will face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 palates of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are in order to take away life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back . .
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an official, contemplating his life.
I mean, I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who have the suicide, but the officials too.
We've come a long way since.
Today, veterans and psychologists training new officials.
This is Jason Garby.
I met it on July 22 last year when I received a call of a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
And I answered, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a generation of the Goldman Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old and flew up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice before New Jersey to try to kill from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
remembering Greek mythology, Zeins created Pandora, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
They came out of plants, weight, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope . .
So Jason asked us,``What happens if you open up the box and don't there hope? ''
He stopped a few moments, leaned up on the right, and he went . .
This nice and smart guy in New Jersey just took away.
I talked to the Japanese parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see what it was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
Social damage damage affects many people.
I asked them these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved suicide???
What would you say?
Do you know what to say??
In my experience, it doesn't just have to talk, but you have to listen . .
Listening to to understand . .
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody's suicide, you're not afraid to confront them and ask the question.
One way of asking the question is,``Others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, have these thoughts? ''
Consider the person in front of us can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- important, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady, and I'd like to read you your letter.
She lost his son on January 19 this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you with a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb, but noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 party with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
He called the Peter's police, and he reported it as the night.
In the next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that Mike's car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jumping from the bridge at 18 o'clock in the late day.
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it . .
My sentences are with you for your struggle.
The GG, the Gulf Galloo Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Village . . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go on to the bridge and run the way his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my two-wheeler on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and half following, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided on his account that day to come back on that lane and give the life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happy thing . .
\" This is a new start, a new life . ''
But I said,``What did it make you go back and give it to hope and life? ''
And you know what?
He said,``I'm listening.
You let me talk and just listen to you . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Sir British, nothing erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin goes on with us.
Honestly, I, I think Kevin was climacciable by aid.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly measured.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unaware of all those heroic traits, but, thanks to God, we know that.
Kevin is in order, as he says . .
We give God for you.
Honestly in debt with you, Nelson Berlin . ''
And at the end, she writes,``PM . When I visited the General Francisco Hospital, that night, you were struck as the patient.
\" I know I had to solve it! ''
Today, Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison . .
That act, despite finishing its own pain, stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think to hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Usually, this is only about three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
At the end, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
Horrible, absolutely awful . .
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people we get to contact on that bridge don't suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived, and that they can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one of those people have said, the second one of the barrier, they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that all of us, and each of us, we should strive to do.
suicide can be prevented.
There is help . There is hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior, you know what you are, and a question marks you: How did you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that finally I had achieved the dream that I had since a little girl.
My outside, I finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
By complicated reasons, I'm going to go back later, when I look at this picture, I, I think, you get him, you got it . .
But the past October, I discovered that, just I'm starting.
We all fill our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value to release, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of skin or by the beliefs that around us.
These are people who always defy the status quo, which is considered.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called reverence.
This is mine.
I was registered as``child"at birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt in your head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I a girl . ''
I knew how to self.
The gender has always considered an unchanging fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be bad, but why the world deals with those of us who want to release.
Every single day I appreciate to be woman.
I have mom, dad and a family that's accepted to me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates gender mystery.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, the country's goddess.
And when I was eight, I was in a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw a man, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transportation of transportation.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in beauty . ''
He told me that if he participated her, she would get rid of the speech spending and the costume, and that night, he won in bathroom suit, won in the gallery suit, and he got third finalists between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was in the world of beauty reports.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty queen of the beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of strangers, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request on the green card that could go to live in the United States.
I resisted.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I me.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, she called me and said,``You know, if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear . .
My mom suggested me that I put two, and my name.
She also accompanied me when I operate in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform the most prestigious, sophisticated, safe surgeries.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before they changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the General name and the Fountain of female gender.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me, it was the license to live, to feel dignified.
Suddenly, my fears were missing.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of Mandar Nethers . .
A young woman in New York who passed his truth, but that, contempt, he put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global surveillance by the Commandment Day of the Transportation.
I'm on this stage, because of a long story of people who fought and stood in front of injustice.
These are Marshall Poly Johnson and Sylvia Riverside.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just to me . .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, nor fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday there's no more talking of November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thanks . Kathryn Schulz: George, quick question.
George Rock: Sure . You'll see, first, thank you all my blessing.
In my support network, my parents especially, to my family, that it's very strong . .
I remember every time I've been to young young women, I've been oriented, sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others didn't . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right??
I mean, we're all assigned a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table, the subject that sometimes that partnership doesn't block, and there should be a space that allowed people to administration, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transportation movement is being compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you . .
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents usually meet them for their children, but I am one of the few parents who are known about their daughter and I I.
Malawi started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were hoteled in 2011, by connecting the Jewish National Prize of peace, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but I'm her father . .
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of mankind, the history of women is the story of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a girl, your birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not for his father, or his mother.
The neighborhood comes, it's going on to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother gets a lot overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it's sad . .
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it's commoditized, and, with the hope of a son, when he supports his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffers, but daughter . The daughter was born, when it grows, it sounds too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and school admit their siblings.
Up to age 12, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun . .
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it comes 13 years old, it's banned out of his house without a male ambigunation.
It's confined to the four walls of your house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he transferred the code of that super honor, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this proposition of honor, not only affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's one more norm of the patriarchal societies that's called obesity.
It's supposed to be a good girl should be very quiet, very humble and very supermarketed.
It's the criteria . .
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of your father and mother and your mother's decisions, even if you don't want.
If you marry a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a storyteller.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, you'll call it an advantage.
And what happens at the end??
In the words of a poet,``The house, the scan, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson lesson to his daughter and the same honor of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
Dear brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I I don't like newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And a lot of before I was born, I thought about his name, and she was fascinated with a legal fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaysia from Mathematica, and he called my my.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my feather, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote,``Bad . . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years, I admitted it in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a girl's administration in a school?
Yes, I have to talk about it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many countries developed, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for life life.
Inside in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
A school administration means that he has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where he can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was recruited by the content of the Canadian bombsight, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the apple of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my my sisters and their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and support of my daughter.
And the encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried inclusion in your personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawi . .
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the self-sums.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political activities, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools lost.
Kids were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
Musicians were silenced, the girls who were stored and killed.
They suffered millions, but a few of them were talking, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and give up when you talk about their rights . .
It's really terrifying . .
At the age of 10, Malawi stood up and stood up to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentaries, and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and October nine of 2012, they shot it in the head.
It was a familiar day for my family and me . .
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was demonstrating between life and death, I whispered my wife to my,``Should I blame me for what happened to my, to your daughter? ''
And important, he said,``Please don't blame you.
It's the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right way and God protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe severe pain headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was extended by my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm okay with my storm, and with the excitement in my.
I'll get you right . Please don't worry . ''
It was a consensus for us, and it considered us.
Dear brothers and sisters, we learned from her how to resist the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like every 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish her.
He fights with his siblings, and I really happy for that . .
People ask me,``What's special in my tour that has made so audacious to Malawi so courageous, expressive and economic? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings, and that's all . .
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Monterey group of Google, where I've had a divide to my, the Google Mission visualization, the whole job that I'm going to talk about today in the brain science, I did before I joined Google or out of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get a brain operation.
Can you still be the same as smart or not?
You wouldn't be, can you be smart?
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and mix mix, and try to get them, to follow life . .
More than one I've been saved.
But luckily, I I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there really doesn't be a clear map that does it in detail.
I started testing with different mix, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of 20s, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I believed it was the smartest person all over the world, and -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several kinds of things like this, or perhaps some attacked versions.
It turned out as an extreme . .
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant . .
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, to fix a problem that had the front, and it simply didn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But, I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through, and since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to achieve, when you adjust those hormones and neurons and so forth, was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do those mental images I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? testing new ideas and making situations.
This kind of thinking is not new . .
Philosophers like Hum, Descartes and Hobbes see things similarly.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now, there are people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . To me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention.
So after several years, I can find the right point, and I have lots of great mental images, really vivid, very sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images out of my mind to the computer screen.
Do you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to address the world that has the world?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, imagine by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by GiarMangal Gangs and their colleagues of Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person's brain looking at an image.
The media column shows the scan of the brain of that individual as he imagined, seeing that same picture.
The column on the right is created by showing the contents of the central column of the left.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same picture is almost a non-zero-sum.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is from Jack Galver's lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves in recognized visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, we showed people hundreds of YouTube videos while they were scanned their brains to create a great rise of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and while they were so registered.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan is decided to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the devices of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
And that left us.
We're right close to it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same map.
This led to the higher brain scan systems of the largest available resolution today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about 1,000 times more to get a deeper look.
How do we achieve it?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't hear that.
Now, many are providing new projections of projection for images, even I -- with the recent MRI result, first we have to ask ourselves the following, is this technology to be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spectrograph.
And why does this matter???
In the last few years, a great amount of effort at MRI went to really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent breakthroughs in researched of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transition and French radio frequency receptors in MRI systems.
Instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structural magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM tracking processing, we can increase massively the information that you can extract in a single scan.
In addition, we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the fluid of blood blood, but the of the hormones and numbers I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking??
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with true human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be industrial to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and disease.
We have a few more options to open up this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more . .
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
His closet may be telling some person for the first time that the love or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've been in life.
Every closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived, and have gone out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the South Side of Calad, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the weaker music: I won't suggest my armpits, to quote the letters of Ann Da France as a latrine.
And I'll be aware of the hole of my short screen, and for having shave my head recently, I was usually asking a little kid,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I opened my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a leave.
The father was in the front of the newspaper, and the mother would throw a cold look at his son . .
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would boil inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, it was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a boy or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was prepared, and I was about to get into the female affairs on the table . I had Betty Friedman dates.
The Gloria Stein dates.
Even a clip of the Vagina Monologues I would show.
And then I breathe in and down the look and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question,``Are you boys or girl? ''
So I was breathing back again, and I got a little bit closer to her, and I said,``Hey, , I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I wearing a kid's clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable.
Well, I, I'm more than the girl's kind of girl . ''
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is a violence and he has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please? ''
And that's it . just``Oh, you're a girl.
What about the baker I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all that I ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both, we were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some controllers in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be an archaeologist.
But within, in darkness, you can't know what color is.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different to yours or to yours or to yours.
I'm sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet was more difficult than going out of your closet, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard . .
Who can tell me that explaining someone who has been declared in red bank is harder than saying that it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story is harder to tell your five-year-old son to be divorced?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing . .
We need to stop classify what it's hard to do about what's difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our arms and we should only feel empathy because we all live in something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in weapons, and they may make security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, that I had a horse tail, a dress and high tape shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old children.
I was frozen by fear, covered in a corner of my dark closet, buying my big gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary that I ever did.
My family, my friends, complete strangers I've spent my entire life trying not to disappoint them, and now the world turned around.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable regrets was in my wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress, I walked around the tables, and I finally came to one where my parents' friends were, people who knew me doing years.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay story battle had started.
\" Are you ever in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Ah, you know my Atlantic statistics?
It's very good, and he's never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
\" Hey, what's your favorite television program??
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . . ''
And then a woman, declined, but in waiting of showing her support, to make me know that she was on my side, he finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the big launch launchers.
I could have been easy to figure out where they felt like.
It's not really hard to find them and realize the fact that they were strengthening.
And what else can you ask someone, but you will be trained?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations follow without being my.
Ask anybody I've gone out.
But I'm improving, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Palestine Girl.
Now please look through gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to come out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Stand up . Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . They just do it . Take their patches.
If you know that they're gay, they do it.
If they say their parents that might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of fake hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You're never sorry for that.
And some of them can come out secure, reflect for what they've done, but they never tell you what they are.
And yes, maybe some will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own . .
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in a dark, and you're going to get a large, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not . .
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Educator Screets that,``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Edinburgh Tibetats wrote this, he did it as a critical to the pipeline pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the underlying fundamental physical mechanisms.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth and no neuroscience of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terms, we know that the reason we're trying to save ourselves . ourselves . .
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth's intelligence, it would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some time in time, the asteroids that develop the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it.
And so I'm going to claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines, who felt, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be ultimately adjusted for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of the future possible.
Finally, in robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different subjects and putting them together, I asked, for several years, is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes?
Is there just an equation for intelligence??
And I think the answer is . What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to one E = D = D for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the options open, with a T Force, with the diversity of accessible future power, yes, to a imminent future time.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be trapped.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep open options.
And so, having in mind this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this??
How predictive is it??
It predicts the level of human intelligence?
It predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life should have a tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship??
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually it comes directly from it?
To figure out, we developed a software engine called Energy, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that's inside.
So surprisingly, England could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, play games of humans, and even winning money by eating actions, all of that without being done that.
Here are some examples of England in action.
Just like a foot human without falling, here we see Europe based automatically a coast using a cart . .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave America a goal.
She simply decided to balance the pole.
This balance ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out the opposite extremes of a string at the same time to release food, here we see an England version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Environmental is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a ping-pong game against itself, lighting its potential for play.
So here we see Europe orchestrated new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the net well connected.
This same network capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see England organized the routes of a fleet of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, England is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see England spontaneously discover and execute a structure of computer, venture in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under its management exponentially.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and insurance applications.
Alex Westerners: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derive from a single equation, leading to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the term, the word``Ruther"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines got up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that perhaps all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then molecular and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than intelligence, which general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
And I often ask myself, how is it that looking for goals, it's about this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help them to understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the overall intensity of stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
Now, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and recording as the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
Instead, this is clues on whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is covering under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the highest record.
Global glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in the matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused at the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say I'm looking for alien opportunities in the housing sector.
Now, as someone really interested in search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, the more I enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and planets that we know best: the of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and recording, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated that by a mission like the Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, it's why we study Mars so much . .
Our robots like``Curiosity"tracking its surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that the orbiting, like the MANCA mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost its ability.
private companies now offer not just short space flights, but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Martian images remind us the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize, really extensive places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth, air is fresh and stranger of oxygen that our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by Mars colonization and other partner planets will have a big and sad shadow: the implications and belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this influenced authority of the only planet we know is really habitable, the Earth.
So, by a lot, I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep disagree with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic is going to tell us that the title of the Titanic will be able to make a place later in the wild boats . Thank you . .
But the targets for interactive exploration and land preservation are not constructed.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like alien landscape.
They're just closer to home . .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and installation areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
Many years ago, the Enrico Fermi physicist said,``We have in mind that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the extra life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced to consider to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interactive colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interactive exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I went home.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where he had left them.
So quickly, I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought I would call a cell, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a cell could take a long time to reach, and make cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I practiced my passport and my suitcase.
It was expensive, but surely not more expensive than a ceremony at the middle of the night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was going to stop.
I'm a professional neurologist, and I a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Crazy library that increases heart rhythm, and the advertising levels of adrenaline levels and cloud.
And when I got to the airport show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in its place, they prevent bad things.
Or at least if bad things happen, they minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I thought about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't crime.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kahn, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little bit embarrassed I talked to him that he broke the window, and he had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prototype retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years before, known as the prevalence.
Everybody knows what the poster is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, yeah???
In the press, as Danny's explanation, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize harm.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a press.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will decrease a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, which is located by the fruit trees, where the friends are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's going on in the toys of London.
It's part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask whether someone really did the experiment, they cut the solid sense of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys of the car, gaps glasses and passports.
So at home, you take a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular crate.
For your reading glasses, a particular table.
If you take a place, and you're excited with it, your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the trips?
Take with the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, leading, password, send it through itself to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
Corporation is toxic and interaction.
So part of the previous practice is recognizing that under stress we won't be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is raised as a prototype for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for the making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you need to benefit from a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the outcome of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to heart, stroke.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I, I'd like to play a medication that will help you reduce cholesterol, a statue . ''
And perhaps you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today . It's probably likely that you know people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, remember the statue! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for most physicians to don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number required to treat.
And what is this, the NIH?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person.
And should you think of what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't prescribe me if it wouldn't help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's somebody's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of Globalization that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recorded statue, what do you think is???
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of the British researchers Jere Grove and Paul Harvard, confirmed independently by Blookbutoge.
I'm exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, stroke or another adverse event.
Now you might think of,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor?? me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it's,``Tell me of side effects ."Yes?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: debate, muscle pain, guaranteed pain, but now you think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, I still take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress they don't think with clarity.
So you think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 people have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get hurt by the drug that help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the statue.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this necessary number to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that's done in the older men than 50, expansion of cancer prostate, the number required to treat is 49.
That's how , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or the environmental dysfunction, the cross-second, regular, recently incomplete.
And if you're lucky, it's one of that 50 percent effects just will last a year or two.
So the idea of the press is to think before the questions that you can argue that you will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases corruption under stress, and one of the things that happens at the time is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the line or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast . -- it could be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that go from the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thought, like Danny Kahn and his colleagues have shown.
So we need to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed . .
We're all going to fail when.
The idea is to think of the future how they could be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize harm, or prevent evil things to happen in the first place.
Rent at the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor shows me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key door of the entrance door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I I the organization as a gradual process, and I that.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter:``Piano"is my favorite music symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see one``P"in the party, you need to touch more softly.
Two feet, even more gentle.
Number four, extremely soft.
This is my a tree of a tree .' there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of it can have, you never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, ALS, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came over the decade of 1800, and with the time, it mixed up with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as ALS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I believed it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true at all.
Sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sound, it's as if I live in a foreign country, following their rules, consumers, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound???
Well, I I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my speakers and amplify sound.
I'll learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't break the door!! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise to eat the potato bag . ''
\" Don't eradicate, and when you're eating, make sure you don't drag the covers on the dish . ''
All this is called sound label.
Maybe I think about the most sound tag of what the average person does . .
I'm a little virus of sounds.
And I'm always waiting for the sound, which is to come next.
Hence, this drawing.
TED, for deciding.
TED, to continue.
TED, for announcing . .
You can see that the paradox doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle and the shells.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the permission for``paradigm"in the ALS.
A typical paradise has five lines.
Yet, to me, to do the thing with my thumb, it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to distance me more than art???
I realized it doesn't have to be that way.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me about sound, I decided to leave it and understand it.
I began to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, it was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was an alien, it was something of a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that I could tell me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose it to be empowered.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society, is as if it didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as and become my voice.
That way I am able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, work with many different ALS performers.
And your voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask for your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary value form something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that it could be deployed in oblivion and not having any kind of social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express fully on paper.
And the same can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very spatial and highly modulated, which means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
ALS is divided in many different geometric parameters.
If you take a different paradigm for every finger as the piano hits, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so, as the piano hits, English is a linear language, as if it's just a keyboard at a time.
However, ALS is more like a chord, you need 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or idea in ALS.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of pitch, tour and volume.
In Alaska, when you use these different geometrical parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal``fail in that . ''
This is the``face"sign.
I'm seeing you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got married.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, right!
So I started thinking, and if I look at ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could become a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and puts.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all night.
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of night,``night ,"`` night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time you express in ALS and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hero . It's a hand, two heroes . It's two hands, the present is closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So, the first example is``a long time . ''
Then,``past"--``used to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time,``There was once . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per companies.
However, when I see the word``common time ,"I think automatically at the same time.
See MR: Hand right, E: left.
We have the paradox through the head and the chest . .
[" March, flu flu .) [The Chinese: E, flat flat .) I I'm going to show you a form of the hand called``flower claws . ''
Can you do it with me???
All of them in high.
Now we're going to do so much in the head as the chest, something like common time or``at the same time . ''
Yes, very well . .
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in Alaska.
Now, the third . Please let me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in ALS.
We're going to do three together.
\" Love ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good work all.
Look at how the three signs are very similar; all of them occur in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how ALS is alive and thriving, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very African world.
And only because Alaska has no sounds, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to begin to question what social value defines and allow the ALS to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And perhaps people understand that they don't have to be deaf to learn ALS . I don't have to hear music.
The APL is a rich treasure and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denever Kaslow: Hey, that's me . .
As a child, my parents said,``You can take it all away, but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
As I get older, I, I found out that adults are also inside and that they're not very good to clean the other ones.
The time, I'm now an adult, and I teach citizens and invention at Hong Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk around the beach, you're walking through markets.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's scary.
And over the last few decades, we've been walking out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information in a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15, we dreamed better.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this working table with adaptive height so that the very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we found in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are very excited with robots.
And then we created what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in accessories and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on the bottom process process this image and measuring the size of each particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called``Institutions ,"with the hope that someone gets better . .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and they were, trying to fix it immediately.
And I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they're looking at the Internet, and they shot with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning an oil spill, just using the hands, in Santa, the largest mangrove of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water where they are bathe, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can see that water is brown, the mud and oil are also in brown color, and when it's all mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can swim through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children remote.
[ I can investigate a problem at a distance . I was forced to do a second experiment, and I I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had a number of giant waves, called tsunami, and those tents destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the reports, a 300 metric average are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollution plots by UCLA.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere . .
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of them, , it's safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in independently other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow it.
But every night we report the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It could seem like they didn't take the job seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with their life.
And together with them, we discussed the reconstructed data that day and talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the Indian, etc.
And to do this, we created a reducting map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we recorded water to simulate rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was shot from the top of the mountain to the river and demonstrated in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We went up to 1.5 miles from nuclear center, and with the help of the fishermen in the area, we were collecting the sediments of the sea milk with a series of sediment as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple technologies.
But at the same time, it's become increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became so small therefore, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we turned it into the greatest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the Hong Kong Center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, optical, basically, you can build almost all there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration!!!
Casting Harry: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewables?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age to transform their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators, deaf, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is about the environment, the other creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the breakthrough, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The prison was a single tool of Michelangelo . .
But living beings are not cleaned.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information to it for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by markets and mass production.
The assembly lines have said a world made out of parts, bringing the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as disaster particles with different functions.
But you don't find home material templates in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with distinguished pores.
The skin skins are more thick with little pores.
You're acting mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: no parts, there are no technologies.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect of every day to work between the prison and gene, between machine and organism, between the assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens behind me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions in the world, getting away from the assembly and reaching growth.
So you probably wonder: why now?
Why wasn't this possible for 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they connect four disciplines that offers designers access to the tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools across scales, large-scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old mayor with a seven meters in diameter with a vegetable basis that some day not very far printing entire buildings, and graphs to the nanoscale made of genetically engineered micro-consumers that shine in darkness.
So here we've reinvented the cellulose, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every openness is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a part of Paris's fashion parade with Iran, and it's like a second skin made from one piece, running in the contexts, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and fatal 3D without the costs between the cells.
This hull combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allows us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural and comfortable chair, and it also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, came back to nature to inspire us, and designing this pattern of irregular surface, it becomes a solidarity.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, opportunity and color, corresponds to pressure points in the human body.
Its surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not by the addiction of another material or another assembly, but vary continuously and definitely material property.
But is this ideal nature?
Aren't there in nature?
I didn't grew up in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came out and decided a lot of what mattered me.
Like,``In the third day of the Creation, God sent on Earth to grow a frustrating tree . ''
For that first fragile tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made up trees with branches, cortex, sheets and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often wonder,``What would design would be if objects were made from one piece?
Are we going to go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of fundamental tree material with fruits, and we found it.
The second most abundant biomaterial on the planet is called the quadrant, and about 100 million tons of tons of tons of tons of tongues, by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scholars and butterflies.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multicelling structures in a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We called it legal seafood . We asked a bunch of shrimp shells, we moved them and we produced the paper paste.
Virgine the chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of property, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple controlled extractions.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made of a single 3.5 material , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they're letting them dry to find a natural form in contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
Air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical micro-consumers that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we including bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and convert it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of beams to mesh, and if it expanded even more, to windows.
It's a frustrating tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp scales in an architecture that behaves like a tree . .
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed the marine life; and put on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The advance for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the vital travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control the flow.
So, as the periodic table, we did our own table of elements: new forms of life created computers, manufactured in a biologically engineered and bioluminestical form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid alchemy, just instead of carrying beautiful metals, new biological functionalities, in very small channels.
This field is called micro-controlled.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacteria crops.
In our first piece of clothing, they combined two micro-consumers.
The first is the climate.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that's in the human intestine.
You convert the light in sugar, the other consumption of sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, which will help that flow these bacteria and alter their way . .
So we began to grow those channels in the human body, vary the properties of the material according to the functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This powerful digestive system, when you stretch away from one end to another, is about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our fat intestine.
And here it is, as early at TED, our first portable photosynthesis, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We are completely computer creatures, only half is made . . ''
What happens if design would make the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and sustain our bodies?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, it always has to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed in layers.
It's also known that nature doesn't do it.
It grows . Add with sophistication.
This cap of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it is metabolized.
No addiction is about this level of sophistication.
It makes it through combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
One act as a structure, the other is glue or matrix, using those fibers between yes.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hide a computer.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, manifest in a single material.
In order to understand how this complex process works, we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the spinneret.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put silk worm in a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that I would fill a flat hair and still media.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the form, the composition, the captain structure, is directly transmitted by the environment.
He often hit silk worms to death inside their cocoons, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon . .
They're really medically metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a street robot making silk plants, and we put in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated to darker and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get the horses . .
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk farm farm.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were ready to talk with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they stood, they shut up, they spread, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
When you're having biological silk on the silk silk, you give all this pavilion your integrity.
And in a little bit of two or three weeks , 2,000 silk worms knit 2,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The policemen, after the equilibring, produced 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk is through a robotic arm, the other fall flat.
If the last frontier frontier is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new era of creation, that takes us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands us, for the first time, that make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can show your fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
At school, I liked English, the materials and art and developed websites, and also, I played the guitar on a punch band called Telember February.
Maybe you've heard about us . .
And in general, I like to try and persist anyway, for a long time and energy, and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this sense of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in the other thing, totally different, and I'm amazed in it, and I'm going to leave it, and I'm like,``Yes! I've found my own ,"and then again this point where I start to dive.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to go in that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions, and I'll just resist myself.
Another reason why it caused me so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me not to define anything.
I worried about having fear of engagement, or being dispersed, or to be dispersed, or to convey or to my own success.
If you can relate my story, and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planned then.
Ask yourself, where you learned how to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned from culture.
We're wondering first,``What do you want to be more? ''
And when we're about five years old.
And the truth is that no one cares about what you answer that age.
It's considered an naive question to cause cute answers in kids like,``Be an astronaut ,"or``to be dancer ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
You'll see the Dallah data here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different forms, to, to the high school students, you ask them to pick up college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise from before we take the dream . .
Why?
If this issue inspired children to dream what they might be, I don't urge to dream about everything they could be.
In fact, it's just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you're very intentional adults, you probably go out and say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be an art of violent and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Chile and he's an art of violent and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Ng, reviewed magazine, entrepreneur, team and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that . .
The notion of central life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or true vocation, the idea that every one of us has something that will spend for their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that he wants to do?
There is no place for someone in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multi-touch.
A multiverse is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a mountain like that.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and a number.
And you can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a redundane, the renewable.
Over the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sherman refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term you like or invest yourself.
It seems like a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see multiplicity as limitation or flow that you should see.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it's this way.
Here are three multi-to-for superpowers here.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
This was Hum and Rachel Bink expressed their shared interests in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by the Muslim.
Me is a company that creates jewels inspired geographically.
St. and Rachel came up with this unique idea of its mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the crowds, with all their background, can access to a lot of these interest points.
The second multi-to-for superpower is fast learning.
When we multiply the multinational, we're going to that.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being beginners, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we have, so we rarely started from zero.
North Dunk is a full-time journey and independently writer.
As a pianist child, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest, very quick mechanics.
Before becoming a writer, it was a financial planner.
He had to learn the latest sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for publishers.
It's rarely a loss of time to give you what you're drawn to, even if you leave it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have predicted.
The third multi-to-for superpower is adaptability . That is, the ability to transform anything that you need in a given situation.
Abed Carter is sometimes director of videos, other people, web pages, sometimes consulting Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take diverse roles, depending on the needs of their clients . .
Now, the Fast Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that it's the individuals and organizations that can be prevented to satisfy market needs, which really will thrive.
Ideas of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where the multiverse are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they are pushed to reduce their targets.
As a society, we have a big interest in feeding the multimes that they are themselves . .
We have complex, multicelling problems right now, and we need creative thinkers to do in front of them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the window knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams come out of a specialist and a multiple space.
Spiritual can dive deep and put ideas in practice, and the multiverse offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to run with how we're connected.
And unfortunately, multiple multinations in large part of them are encouraged to just be more like their specialized companions.
He once said this, if there's one thing that you take from this talk, I hope that this is: recognized with the inner cord, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then, specialize for all media.
That's where you will give the best.
But for the multinational room in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say,``Recondect with their many passions . ''
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit markets.
They explore intersections.
Abstracting our internal cord leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multinational, the world needs us!!
Thank you.
In the year 1900, a woman called Australian led to a psychology in France.
Audience declined and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Allies.
Allenders didn't know how to help August, but I went through it until, unfortunately, it failed in 1906.
After his death, Allies did a autopsy, and found strange plates and shells in the Australia brain, of a guy who had never seen.
It's even more surprising.
If August had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Allies did 14 years ago.
Allies was Dr. Allenders Alzheimer's.
And August Detroit, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics and vaccines have been discovered to protect us from infections, a lot of treatments for cancer, anti-profit antibiotics for the categories and much more.
But it's recently been made in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think of this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million all over the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's to be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or want Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and its cost costs a increase of five times in 2050, as I age the generation of the boom.
It may be surprised, but Alzheimer's is one of the largest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's Alzheimer's is the only one who cannot prevent or cure or even release its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's less than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar year of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, all, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be a sentence in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to developing a loss of loss of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's resulting significantly reduce life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange waves in the Australian brain a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they are made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are sticky . .
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes protein molecules stand up each other, forming groups that can form big plates and soldiers.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like developing a bomb.
Cutting a cable could do nothing.
Cutting others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocking it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of the wires have reduced wires and waited for the best.
But now there are a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generosity, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, and now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blog specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at some videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are sticking into each other, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of waiting, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow up that hope, to meet Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's you.
We need to be convinced that Alzheimer's Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and if we tried it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and families have connected more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to overcome cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones, and night, are often too devastated to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer is not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australian, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in January of this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I tried to test myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: Two strangers are going to run to make 36 more and more personal questions and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here are a couple of questions.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be??
Number 28: When was the last time you cried someone else?
And do it just?
And as it moves forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- I really like -- I tell your partner, what's you, or she, I really fundamental this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I not expected to fall.
However, we were in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love love a few months later . .
That was published in January, and now it's August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: are they still together?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because you've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get a few hundred views as much, and those were usually just from my friends of Facebook and imagined that my article in the New York Times would be probably a few thousand views.
And that made a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as it was given, I had no idea.
The article was released online a Friday night, and already the Saturday, and this happened in my blog traffic.
And Sunday, I was already called the Nation Show and the Goodlem Morginal Gordon.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with a sense of lovely experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or wrote, what they did every day for weeks, always, did they do the same question: Are they still going together???
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase,``You still follow together?? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Mandela where your boyfriend is? ''
And I immediately put red.
I understand that this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it . .
But I wasn't prepared for the engineering of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study on them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse for all this attention was to be very researched with my own relationship.
I said no to every request that we both would make a public emergence together.
I rejected television interviews, and resources the photos of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the investing icons of the emotional process, a range for the one that I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, , whether it was able to produce property love, not just an adventure, but real love, property love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, that people asked the wrong question.
How do we know if we would follow together or not, and also to say it?
If the answer was no, would the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions??
Dr. Arthur Aristotle wrote first about these questions in 1997, and there, the researcher goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called super-exponentially personal openness, progressive and reciprocal.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work . .
The participants felt closer after doing it, several post-conflict studies also used the American Fast protocol, as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community members, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me, and he said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work . ''
He seemed declared by it . .
And I said, you know, you fell in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends . .
And I: But became better friends?
Did you feel that you could know better after testing the study?
The seat.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that's the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love . .
I took the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much my entire adult life, and he was my first true love, and I had no idea how it could live without him.
So I flew in science.
I've been able to find everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow be vaccinated by the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I only researched for the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I was able to get the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and used to feel like I felt.
And all this knowledge has been useful in a way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I more relaxed.
I have more trust to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can tell me.
What I'm looking for of love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that I will continue to be loved by the person I love.
It can be the throat that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There can be a way for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: are they still going together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or no.
So more than a question, I proposed that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who deserves your love and who you don't?
How do we stay in love when things are complicated, and how to know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think it's a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone . .
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this; a year ago, a knowledge and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fell in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it's not the same thing that will remain love.
It's the easy part.
So at the end of my paper, I wrote,``Love didn't happen . ''
We stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I'm embarrassed by reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was that choice.
It doesn't consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how much times it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily day in the United States.
But what I've done, in change, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what you might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy impact on the title of my article, which is, by purpose, the only part of the article that actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of letters in the mountain, and in a way, I had a forest.
The city in New York City does a while ago -- something that really affected me, but more detail later.
I'll start when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I got a dollar bill, a feather and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exception and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I dragged all the pages and I made a kind of classroom celebrations at Agnes Martin, and I covered them, and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resins on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: In a way, it seemed like it's growing up size, as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow strokes, draw the same way that it's about a car in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own taxpand of separate specimens.
First, both of the ones that you'll be able to make an idea.
Then I made a few strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, to go to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass sheets, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work cultures with something very big, that I call``typical . ''
For the trick, I was inspired by the``The Garden of Delivery"by Hurricane Bosch, which is a painting at the Museum of Prince in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the tribe . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds . .
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird . .
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where creatures with the heads of animals are headed to the headlights, ready to kill them in mass crawling in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a heart.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizontal platform of the Wall Sea, the Black Bin Laden, there are all kinds of rare things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a magnetic.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it's coming out of oil in a hand while the other hand comes up.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a mythology that keeps Earth and cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a``trick"aspect.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, it has a company, like a bird peak, and you spit up the clouds of this computer.
It also has a 5 meters long tail of a snake that joins the trick.
Anyway, his tail is a fire when he's going on a volcano.
I don't know why you happen.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a cloudy balloon balloon catalog in 1986.
Have you seen them??
They were done in the 1980, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very adapt to your time . This brings me to my.
I'm in the middle of two projects: You call``Psychologists . ''
This is a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a file of our culture, through media and material, is empires or dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope program that weighs 1,300 pounds with a trapped human inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; the chest, you can train the entrance.
And I'll join you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or no, or whatever it has, a kind of an anti-powered thing.
It's a quick report of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body that's paralyzed by half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue.
There is a little forest scene inside the truck cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Pyramid World.
In this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that diffuse all the content we do in the world; a garden.
We get the box and all the people from inside the coal, each other as particles.
And I think that's how to change the world.
When you have a reduction who is and the box that it's living.
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head?
They take an aspiration.
But in order for this pill to have effect against pain, first passes through the stomach, the bowels and other organs.
Taking a pill is the most effective and industrial system so that any drug is effective in the body.
The downside, though, is that when you plot it any medication is dilute.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serves to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CD cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to reach to the blood current, they are distinguished, and worse even for the time they take to their destination, which is where it's more important: in HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where viruses are inflating, and it doesn't easily enter in the bloodstream of patients that are supporting regular drugs with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment of life.
One day, I sat down, and I thought,``Could we get the treatment directly to the department of the virus, without the risk of distribution of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If you use it in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can be used for anything imaginable, including the introduction of the drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, they open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
And you say,``How is that possible? ''
We send a little, powerful laser ray on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in terms of microseconds.
Before I even realized, the hole is immediately repair.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, applying it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision in the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, leads to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the infection site, while the laser is used again to keep open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem very much.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total hard of HIV.
Be a cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I studied armed armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better to these generating agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a distance between states.
No.
It's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 216 peaked peace agreement between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
And so we need to understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any resolution process of successful conflict.
But how do you do it??
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they struggle, how they do it, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global view.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese Lebanesis, known by their violent confrontation against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hebren has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
In the same way, Palestinian Hamas, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, I also manage the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex machinery of communication: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here they have the ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
The armed groups are also investing in a complex reconstruction of fundamental fundraising, but by resilient businesses -- for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, to increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
And armed groups also do something else: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put in a professional, professional formation program.
Hebra offers all these services and more.
Army groups also try to conquer population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The architecture of the Taliban in an Afghanistan developed by war or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent, can understand also the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory of 2006 from Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations, the less we can categorize them as something contrary to a state.
How do we call a group like Hebre?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, collect garbage, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state?? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines are drawn.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the more weak states are the states, like in the Middle East today, and they come into and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to contrast these groups, you will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that gap of governance has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and use peace.
If we understand better to armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to promote violence to non-violence violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals, we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security, to fill that gap of governance that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are veterans, but I fear that accepting the temperature of``feminist"would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad . .
And therefore it attracted me as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad Feminist"and then in the interviews, people started calling me the bad feminist.
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate production, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and 20 years old, I had strange ideas about the feminist, these flower women, angry with the men and they hated sex, as if that was something wrong.
Today, I see how women all over the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I could be a feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and debated word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until she realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Eventually, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are incredible: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without need for legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to consider our other identities.
We are not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common . .
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive the job, I hear rap music planned all the volume.
Although the letter degraded women and offended me deeply, the classic``Salt Shake"of the Einsaes English, is incredible . .
\" Do it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Dear, give it, move until you give you the shell! ''
Think about it.
Portable poetry, right?
I'm completely developed by my music taste.
I firmly believe in man's work, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the reconstruction of garbage, the care of the captain and the maintenance maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that . .
Rambloot is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see``The Balley"and romantic comedy, and I have absolutely absolute fantasies of the fairy stories that make it reality.
Some of my crimes are more declined . .
If a woman wants to adopt the apple of his husband, he's his choice, and I'm not who I to judge.
If a woman decides stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this choice, the problem is that our society is confused in a way that makes women be economically vulnerable when they choose . .
We solved this problem.
He rejected the conventional feminist that has ignored or deforested the needs of women of color, workers, gay and transgendered women, in favor of white, middle-class women.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put featured feminist in a pedestal.
We hope that they are delivered to perfection.
When we get disappointed, we reduced them with a lot of taste from the same paradox where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I I've already considered that president before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm a feminist ,"by fear of what that sticker means, by fear, not to be able to fulfill with a little bit of realistic expectations.
Take Beijing for example, or like me, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Video Muslim Video in 2014, in MTV, I act in front of the word``feminist"of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star open openly the feminist and make women know, and the young men that will be female is something to be proud.
So past time, cultural critics started endless debates if Berthod was or not exactly feminist.
They rating their feminist, rather than simply believing the word of an adult woman and mature.
We demand perfection from the feminist, because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so consciously.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism, to design the feminist of any woman, destroying it until nothing left . .
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We spend our imperfections to realizing, to go to action and be a little bit more courageous.
If I listen to degrading music, I a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing limitless supplies.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we examined the change affecting their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why has his music that will be so peer?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that it makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years.
It's two magnificent, decision, brilliant girls, and also very courageous . .
Where they're appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is worth something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sport, the Game of Thrones.
We can change radio chemistry when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film somewhere else when movies don't treat women as much as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as a board.
At any case, the men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include enough women enough, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are superintegrally supervisized, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be included until more as we are welcome to overcome barriers to decisions.
Now, we're not a little bit of the minds, without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, people in the power of direction and movie products and music products, CEOs, legislations, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also be able to address our feminist, good, bad or anything.
The last line of my book``Bad Femistrual"says,``I prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above everything, because I love my voice, I was stolen, and the feminist helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
And a few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it were nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all, I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And with that, I went back to write.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I began to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also discovered that if it was a little bit brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I the humiliating reality that I is just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same.
I hope we can all be a little bit brave, when more you need such value.
Just after Christmas last year , 130 children in California had measles for Disney, or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Quarterly.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that measles that can be fatal for a child with an advanced immune system, it's one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for over half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly worse: autism . .
But a moment, wasn't the paper that challenged politics about autism and definitive vaccines, disqualified and made a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Don't it believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put in danger to their children of autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising estimates in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician I had heard of it, they create their own professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, numbers started shooting.
Reputation organizations like Autonomous Spaceships are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if it could take care of another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Center of Disease Disease Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on sentences like``extended diagnostic criteria"and``a better case detection"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two years, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s??
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and cautious progress of science than with the service power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what the autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kansas, the Johns Hopkins Hospital Hospital, and in 1947, Kannaleus published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, by putting people around, even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours by shaking their faces in their faces, but they were prey from the panic by means as they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kansas speculated that autism is very rare . .
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I would argue that I had seen less than 150 true cases of its syndrome while it collects references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kansas criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I'm going to take that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he had turned to nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kansas was a smart man, but part of his theories were not closed.
They classify autism as a form of childhood psychosis caused by cold and deceased parents.
These kids, he said, have stayed carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't develop.
At the same time, Kansas noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned two.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kannales had a bad opinion of these skills, providing things like kids were simply regulating what they had heard their parents, , desperate to win their approval . .
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
remarkably, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the Kansas theory that autism was rare.
Lord Window, London's cognitive psychologist, thought that the theory of Kenyan mothers in Kansas was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have been 30 years before.
They did a study prevalence study in the general population.
They planted a London suburb called Chambor to try to find autistic children in the community.
What you saw clear that the Kannian model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were stuck in their fascination by astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the general relationship.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful, approached squares, as Judehy said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kansas's monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one had noticed from these kids before??
But then Lorraine found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the year following the Kanne article, and then I forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kansas knew about this article of competition, but he avoided expensive to mention it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, the Lux husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Special, who ran a clinic integrated with an inner school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The Index ideas for teaching children's teaching differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with the kinds of exercises with music, and kids follow their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described described it as political disabilities of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he decided to help in the development of education methods that were especially appropriate for them.
Now, fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that opened an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture as the social scientist awkward and the teacher distracted.
He went further to say, for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith found that Kanny was wrong in the autism that autism was infected, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
In the late 1980s and early '90s, their changes came into a vocabout, replacing the limited model of Kannales for a wide and inclusive model of Asperger.
These changes didn't fall on the broken shoulder.
So coincidentally, when Lord and June worked between sandwiches to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it comes out,``Rain Man"in 1988, just a little circle, just a little circle, communicated by experts knew what the autism was, but after the unusual performance of Dinosaur Hoffman, and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards of Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world know what the autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical evidence was introduced to use to diagnose autism.
She no longer had a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnosis started to rise, as they predicted Lord and Judith, actually hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families eventually get the support and services that deserve.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, secret history, as bad as the Kansas theory that autism was internal.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles to solve the new medical advances, coined the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way of understanding neurogenesis is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit of attention to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, who believed that the cure for the most unacceptable aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers, employers with ability, support communities, and fathers with faith in their children's potential.
An autistic woman named Zealand Zaslowesters once said,``We need all the hands on cover to invest the boat of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as society.
We can't afford to waste and a brain.
Thank you.
