You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the U.S .
And I always tell people I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear a farmer , or a leather leather , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and <unk> .
And you know that a epiphany is usually something that you fell somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare kind of weird class .
He was beaten up until every week in the bathroom boys , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when she got to the teacher 's bathroom .
I was doing it on secret .
It 's for three years .
I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and about 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that teacher 's phone call , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that we 've never got to know us .
You could go back to Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to do this for you . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we were terrified , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take care of them and take care of her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to me , he became a <unk> box and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was made in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs all the rest of life .
It needs real and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today I 've been talking about this today .
It also needs -- it needs -- needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature , and everything is interconnected .
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can fast , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I <unk> them all around the water , almost 60 feet , and I could n't even think about a snowflake on another snowflake after year after year .
<unk> are born when they are in the glaciers or break the ice walls .
Every iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold up until the end , whereas others ca n't stand it more , and they 'd be engaged in a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , looking at a iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , as we see ourselves as a human .
But reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum , a eardrum releases fresh water in minerals that feeds a lot of forms of life .
I stand up to photograph these <unk> as if it was to the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , there are just that way and will never exist again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it has a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last few pictures I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unusual to actually get a rolling eardrum .
Here they have .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about 5 meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the ship has moved over the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is an average iceberg , average size .
<unk> of the water about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And just like this , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same moment , every single one of a baby . Okay .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to be arrested in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the chromosome and the sperm will join the egg chromosome .
And in the other case , the sperm X chromosome is joined into the X egg chromosome .
Both of them go on and start life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my land activity I turned on two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training , and what I study in this case is the way people came up with the anatomy -- -- to say , human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what you 've thought about the body .
The other role in my work is an activist , as patients ' patients , or , as I say sometimes , <unk> impatient for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working on , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with <unk> sex , individuals whose <unk> physics do not fit into male <unk> and conventional female studies .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
The <unk> takes a lot of shapes .
I 'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that is not going to be <unk> in human forms or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual with <unk> XY , whose <unk> gene on the chromosome and says to <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , turning testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , the testicles make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction .
As a consequence , the body develops following a typically female course .
When you 're born , the baby has a little bit of a child .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing the breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is happening .
After making tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you might think it 's a man , but it 's actually not .
Women , like men , have a little bit called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; he does n't know their <unk> structure ; I think being a typical woman , most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> and we respond to <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that has the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways , they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old , born and raised as a male , had girlfriend , and sexual relationships with her , he had a life like boy and he had just found that she had ovaries and uterus .
It had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had 20th chromosomes , and in the uterus , the <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , they created a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically .
He was born with a child , and nobody suspected nothing .
And it was 19 years old when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , was a woman inside .
Well , another example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have tissue <unk> wrapped in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are lots of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are <unk> , twins <unk> , or <unk> are <unk> surgery , is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're tested for several surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings together a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , it 's a black thing to say to have African anatomy in history .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you present a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individualism .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individualism .
Imagine how surprising it is to have kids born like two people in one body .
The highest case is last year with <unk> African <unk> South African <unk> , and he put his sex on his sex <unk> <unk> .
Many journalists called the question : `` What are you going to do to determine whether <unk> <unk> is man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no exam .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line of a <unk> line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we are who we draw that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we go through , the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were <unk> rather stable <unk> categories -- are much more <unk> than we thought of .
And not only in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we put in a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of <unk> from them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that simplistic categories that <unk> are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States , are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very heated discussions today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> that 's when someone considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As long as they put a feather in front of his nose , and she was still moving around .
If I stopped moving it .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs of a body and put it in another body .
And , as a consequence , we have to deal with a dilemma to really determine someone 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories might be happy like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I claim people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that he gets nervous .
They <unk> that these categories are far more fragile than we thought of .
<unk> from the idea of view of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of parents .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so courageous and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find each other and watching that music , and not for music , which is totally <unk> .
That 's why it happened in 1776 with parents .
The parents know were , for me , the first activists on the anatomy and I explain why .
What they would reject was a concept concept , and they <unk> it with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years .
And , like all of you remember , what we would reject our parents know was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming in to the <unk> of the grandfather 's <unk> to the father and then the child , etc .
The parents know rejected that idea and to replace it by a new concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They <unk> the field of play , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences . That was very radical .
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system that were happening two things .
The democracy was happening and the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if we looked at the story of the Parents , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> of the supernatural explanations , and therefore they would reject the concept of the supernatural supernatural idea of a vague <unk> idea .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if you look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and God 's nature .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And then they were passing the idea of the anatomical coincidence .
And by doing that , they were laid out the bases of the future Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And the women succeeded .
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
And again , people who are color with the <unk> of the anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the Disabilities Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some kind of wonder in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't mean that we had to say that we had <unk> .
I do n't mean that at five years old , they were supposed to have sex or marry .
There are some kind of magical divisions that make sense , and I think we should maintain .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two creatures to start this talk .
We have two beings , both Christians in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
So let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , the June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , in the contrary , was born on a term : <unk> 1 , 1980 .
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights to three months before Henry , the right -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age , but because he was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered a man , if I did n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered a man now is <unk> the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , by his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So they still are still mathematical categories that in various ways , and questionable and questionable .
And now the question is , what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get at the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up the science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science escapes us .
Where are we going ?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people have caught up in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a moment has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do <unk> tests to people .
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I have `` dream '' offers a solution .
It says that we should be judging people `` based on not the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks pretty good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on their character content ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be <unk> in this for <unk> rights to people , because I 've to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of the <unk> that I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex relationships that people from 40 I know .
So how do you put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me asks what if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this current stream of thinking relative to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live in , for example , in a context like the Iranian man in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless he is willing to have a sex change in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made birth twins to <unk> them and then separate it and so grow their fame .
But when the telephone is asked , the thing was the reason for the operation -- he was a very <unk> operation , he responded to me that in that other country these kids would be very abused , and therefore he had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , he 's considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without <unk> to change for the sake of the state .
So I think we have to be on the head .
Well , to conclude , I 've been talking about that I 've been talking a lot .
And I want to think of what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we were given more participation to the Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical compass , particularly if there are people thinking .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships , and to address those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
Now , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism <unk> was considered me , like <unk> made me a stranger .
`` Tell me what feminism has to be . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've heard .
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing women at feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about the question , the more I 've thought about the question that there 's something women at feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the feminine brain and the male that makes us more <unk> to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if the parents were really excited about how to protect people from the state of the state , it 's possible that , they 've brought more <unk> to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the <unk> of reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we get democracy to democracy , and think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family think where you want to go to live and work , have the possibility of choice between at least a bunch of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries who do n't count with a single city willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth a lot more than their cost of construction .
So easily , we could <unk> the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But just <unk> out of apartment buildings .
So imagine that half of those who wanted to live in the apartments they were already owners and that in the other half , even if we do n't get it .
You might try to increase the capacity by making the expansion in all the existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas around them have rules to avoid the ailments and the building distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a totally new place , build a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place , you know , <unk> the construction rather than the building .
So I proposed that governments are going to build new reform zones for large enough reform , and I gave them a name : cities under a charter cities .
I later learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras ' reform .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> will come from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask , what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went by a heartbreaking constitutional crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> were <unk> with a platform in which reforms and the same reconciliation time .
He asked her to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a huge amount of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the charter for their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , such as those rules that say you ca n't go and bothered by all the current apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes both technologies like rules to make progress , and they 're usually the rules that prevent us to move forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent him a bond with the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's do this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we met in Miami , in a hotel conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York . Notice , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And I 'm describing this talk in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are <unk> there and a choice for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country to advance .
He asked me to go out and talk about the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site to measure at least 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 hectares .
The whole <unk> world .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you so much for his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have this here on my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that might go to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away north .
And it also had new choices for leaders .
Because leaders of Honduras ' government would require help from countries associated with , they could benefit from the countries associated with them to establish and do the norms of the charter , so that they could all be able to trust that the charter is actually going to be done .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could easily take a thousand square miles .
And shortly after , the 19th of January , voted in Congress to <unk> his Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow you to create these special regions of development .
In a country that I had just passed through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was <unk> .
All the parties , all the factions in society , got really excited .
In the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17th , it passed again in another voting , <unk> to one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to February 24th , a delegation of 30 <unk> went to the two places in the world that are most interested in the building of cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that 's building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the center of Boston .
All you see there was built in four years , after four years , I got permission .
The other country in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about it in practical ways , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come to them , and then it would allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow their Supreme Court to be the court of ultimately for this new court system .
There are urban <unk> and builders of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know you 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with an area of free trade , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to be changed immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go to get a job , sometimes they 're single mothers who have to make money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents that have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What does it seem to be thinking about insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is , I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish in my blog , colorful and different costumes for each time .
But he did n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> stores .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to get to know people <unk> -- usually my money goes to a good cause , and my way it 's unique , and buy it becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is my size from my size ?
Do you like color ?
Is it less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does someone have to have all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
And I loved it through exactly a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought I would be able to find everything else I 'd like to use after getting here to Palm Springs .
And I do n't know me as the woman who walks at TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this bright tiger tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You almost always can see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
The whole thing , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've ever used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost physiologically physiologically , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
<unk> : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
Just yourself .
If you 're getting away from the right people , you wo n't just understand you , too .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're wearing in .
Sometimes people tell me that they seem to play the costumes , or I remember them to their little seven years .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Tuesday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're looking at something , it 's almost secure you are .
And if you think you do n't look good with something , it probably is true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person inside and outside , you do n't see you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth of six words for you : <unk> <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal and unique style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people approached this week just for what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave some things .
I do n't need emotionally emotionally to these things , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful , brilliant suit , if there 's a little love in my heart and I 'm looking for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you put a scale on a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So where do you bring your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something -- with a great <unk> in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they are mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to promote these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need quite intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
<unk> intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in a place at once .
I mean , it may sound odd to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a kid playing on a parking pole .
It was a small kid , and he did n't do it very well , it was always falling .
But I bet you play with that parking bar , and he showed him a valuable lesson , and it is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you are a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with bars , they play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really bizarre things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the quantum mechanics theory .
At that point , there was the physics of a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need you to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and it may be because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen it .
I mean , nobody 's ever seen a particle .
But they did n't fit into my logical part .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I set out to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that 's been in a quantum mechanical overlap .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we do a very large approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , a kind of a springboard , and that runs on a platform .
And so I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of swimming <unk> that 's under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator just , I do all kinds of weird stuff , but then when other people go up , I 'll leave you to do those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or , actually , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> objects of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to drive off all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , then we introduced a vacuuming and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero .
Now , by being just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like it wants .
So we measure their movement .
We discovered that it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way it <unk> was like a breath in this way -- like a bellows that expands and contracts .
And by giving it a soft <unk> , we were able to make it <unk> and that we do n't get to the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing , and do n't you do it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case : all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal piece are still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's only at certain moments when those line comes up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means the time that all of the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It 's the <unk> thing to do in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between a single atom and that little metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that little metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that metal piece can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logic .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body is <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights up and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just close to a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
That 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It is that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define who you are , and that 's the profound weirdness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about museums and art to my boss , which allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums about nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did it .
I think my own story is explaining just on this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> of a great education -- I do n't have access to a lot of these museums and works of art .
So when I started traveling and go into museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Now , I 'd better look at the demo and then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've carried out from the launch .
So , simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums you have .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , the <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways to do that -- very simple .
We click and , <unk> ! We 're inside the museum .
No matter where you are , Mumbai or <unk> , that really does n't matter .
You move around and they are having fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We open up the top , and with a click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go to the end of the aisle .
Do n't go forward . That will be <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't got the best .
Now I 'm in front of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' of Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the picture , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
You can zoom in around a very simple way .
You see some fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to dive into it .
So I started playing , and I found myself with something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
And I went in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
So I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called <unk> , which is <unk> a <unk> with a stick of Carnival .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get you even further down and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to take away the image , so you 'll actually see what 's there .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're just going to jump back at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` <unk> night . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is the night <unk> , I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely all , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create their own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , and I 've created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming , '' -- we just zoom around .
It 's about `` <unk> '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when they 're contemplating these master works .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all of the amazing things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , even from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to their artwork , and it 's represented properly online .
And the great question you 're doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
Let me tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that has happened something that has happened very interesting about Formula 1 racing last two decades .
Now , some time ago , if you wanted to win a quarter of Formula 1 , I took a budget and you would take it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you would win the race .
This is what , in engineering , we have a real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're becoming computer computers .
And , like , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be <unk> and <unk> .
The cities is a big thing .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet 's crust , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all these <unk> and <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is an exhibition of <unk> <unk> for the late year at MoMA during the summer .
It 's called `` Talk to me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start telling us .
In a way , it 's like almost all the existing atoms that are made out of sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo was blown up the Moses , he says that at the end he took the hammer , and he threw him onto the Moses -- -- you can still see a little dent in <unk> , and he said , `` <unk> , <unk> , <unk> ? ''
Well , today , our environment starts telling us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting on the idea of getting the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer of 2006 .
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played in Italy and France , and at the end , <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , at the end I won Italy .
Now let 's look at what happened that day by looking at the activity of the activity .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
At the early afternoon , there are people over here , and there are calls , moving .
It starts the game : <unk> .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call , and he goes to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She makes Italy . Yes !
That night , everybody was to celebrate it at the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day , they were at the center of the winner and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called a Massimo <unk> where , from the Roman era , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the city 's pulse of the city in a way that we could n't do just a few years ago .
Another quick example of sensing : it 's not about people , but of things that we use and consume .
Today we know all about the origin of our objects .
This is a map that shows all of the chips that make a Mac , how they assemble .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project we developed a little bit of little tags to track the garbage on its shift by the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are all <unk> .
Then we put a little chip , a label , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of it .
So I was from Seattle .
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are plenty of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same thing with a lot less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're complicated things , and there 's lots of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every single day that the cup that we dropped does n't disappear , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
So if the plastic bottle that we dropped a day that 's still there .
So if we show it to people , then we can promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection and many other amazing things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we 've talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , who came and told us that Spain and the south of Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , to join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine that you have a gray , valves , <unk> valves , <unk> <unk> , <unk> .
It was created as a curtain of water , with water pixels .
If you fall out the pixels , you can write on them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can move , as you see in the picture .
We presented this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked it .
And we had a commission to design the building to the entry .
We call it <unk> <unk> .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no doors or windows , but when you 're coming up , it opens up so you can go through .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
That day there will always be somebody , in the winter , when the roof goes down , someone who was there and said , `` You 're going to get the building . ''
No , it 's not that they have demolished it , but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappears .
Here it is working .
You see people <unk> by what 's happening inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to get wet with the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids in <unk> came to the building because the way they interact had changed a little bit .
It was n't a building that would open up to leave you , but a building that was still making cuts and water holes , and you had to jump to not get wet .
And for us that was really interesting because for us as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about using people to give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the missing water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start flying .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
It 's a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine the screen appears to look at different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that could have a <unk> cloud in which you can zoom in , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , running down to form a V , like before .
When the light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each one of them , by one person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with Roberto <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers today , the <unk> star of New York City and <unk> <unk> to capture its 3D motions and use them as input to the <unk> .
So here we can see Roberto dancing .
On the left side you see the pixels , it captures it in different resolutions .
It 's a lot of 3D digitization in real time it capture .
It can do all the movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry to the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the point is , imagine again , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something and change our <unk> environment as a <unk> farm as a barn calf , but with a cloud .
So imagine that we could make all of us <unk> a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we 've gone from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it is accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign would look at us , we can move from the digital world from the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address today 's challenges : think of climate change or CO2 emissions , how will we move from digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the actual cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , while in our cloud are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but it 's gold gold .
You can move around , you can have different experiences .
You can see it from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012 , and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection to the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can get into there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just about changes in their genes , they could improve memory -- for more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in a better way , it will be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and more attractive .
How about living with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What do you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It probably got to the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many of you would choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel good as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe possible ?
Evolution has been a theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you the look of a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , who also <unk> in the <unk> Church of <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense of evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this : Is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at one end , is , of course , that we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There 's been maybe 20 , 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years old .
It might seem like we 're very far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in most of the basic machinery of our cells , it 's more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically <unk> , which comes out of the pancreas .
And by talking about bacteria , you realize that we all take in the gut more bacteria than the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , do you think -- when Antonio Anyone have drawn into the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that you can want to want without effort on .
It 's really a quick way for the bacteria with the occasional occasional disruption of some rush to the way .
But therefore , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our lives .
They help digest nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass , the animal kingdom , like one and only <unk> , and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you 've ever enjoyed it .
When I just entered college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : in most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , every single cell is divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
He enters the stage sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death death ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was going on , she had more doubt .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , which was still acting in Las Vegas in his 90s .
And one night someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of it , you find a little slight dancer of clothes .
He looks at it and he says , `` I came to search for a soup soup .
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you to be healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted we live more and healthier .
Evolution is about going through the genome to the next generation -- adapting and <unk> generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> <unk> , which is designed to send the genetic charge to the next level , and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that put Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to achieve not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily understand longevity .
It does n't necessarily pick up the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smarter .
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish dry into vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if you look forward , to the next phase -- I would say , there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that they do n't <unk> .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and written out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've set up our environment so that they fit to us as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we would get so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation , so that evolution happens .
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional , natural , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be , that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when you have a species , distant planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , a attractive , intriguing , terrifying possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but it 's anatomy and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we 'll take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First of us consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose the individual and family level .
Think of that as well as possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring , but in their own body making the genetic settings to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and took 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the 3,000 billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost near 20,000 dollars and something about a week .
Not a lot of us missing a lot to do the human genome for $ 1,000 and more and more at the reach of all .
Those changes come from .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial in the course of the vaccine against the influenza vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible .
So imagine then just two little changes .
Can you change the cells in their bodies , but if they could change the cells from their offspring ?
And if they could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , eliminating <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want children healthier ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't the ingenuity from a Ken spoken about everything if you could go through the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a <unk> muscle that allowed us to run faster and farther ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of spending this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress that down to 1,000 years and maybe in the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , they 're going to have to go .
Are we going to use these options in a better , more successful , most successful society ?
Or are we going to make selectively selectively choose for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest thing of everything : are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom that we need to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or worse , and before what you might think of , these options are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds terrifying .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight mill .
So he immediately looked at them , and they said , `` There 's no problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot already had <unk> the plane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Now , it 's not the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise .
And then he said three words .
The three more <unk> words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more to the flight assistant .
I was able to see him in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before you die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I want to do in life and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've ever wanted to have , and I never had .
As I was thinking about that later , I came up with a phrase , which is , `` collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to <unk> anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as I <unk> the George Washington bridge , which was n't for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes , I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , it also gives rise to my ego .
And I regret the time I wasted in things that did n't matter with people that matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy in my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
They feel like wonders .
I 'm no longer trying to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to go , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , dying is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for that all our lives .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in a thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And I scream , cry , like a small .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
At that point , I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was awarded a miracle , not to die that day .
And I gave another gift , which was the ability to look at the future and come back and live otherwise .
You 're flying today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing is going on on your airplane -- and please not -- but imagine , and how to change ?
What would you do , they still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy on them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents you can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed with a lot of amazing projects .
But the coolest thing that I worked on was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> of the 1980s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel tingling on your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
His job influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the art world .
So we decided that we were going to go to Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What are they going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , not that you 've seen Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you are somebody important and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Did you see the movie `` the scuba , '' `` <unk> and butterfly . ''
They communicate in that way -- you 're making it with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead of that signed a check that I did n't have the slightest idea of how it was going to cover .
I committed to her brother and his father there at that very moment , `` Tony 's going to talk about , `` Tony 's going to talk about , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make his art again again . ''
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside it ca n't communicate it . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which has a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface and then , with a laser pointer , draw over that and recorded negative space .
So they go around making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They start with sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a life cycle in their presentations .
And so the journey began .
And about two years later , about a year after a lot of organization , after a lot of organization , and a lot of the other organization we had done a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of the insurance companies and we got a machine that we could see , and it could communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call it <unk> because when I 'm talking to the guy talking to you , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world 's <unk> world to our house .
My wife , the kids and I , moved to the garage garage , and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took over the house .
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid , and that when you were able to get the pictures out of the walls , and they would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the sea ride in Venice , my son was part , my dog also , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the shipping tracks in Venice Beach , some of copper wire and Radio Shack and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we cut it open , we set up on a light of LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free , and it builds the code out , and we published the code <unk> software goes down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There is no insurance company to say `` no . ''
No hospital I can say no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate with just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's her room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the great opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , games of all night , Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall on a wall of the hospital parking lot .
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to bust out in the parking lot , so we feel like we were doing graffiti as well .
And at the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what was saying , `` This was the first time that I was in seven years .
I felt like I had been under the water and somebody finally came to <unk> and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that is our war cry .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> <unk> .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how much better and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted about us and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010 , and it was really great .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up close to the <unk> is that in April this year in the <unk> of Death in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of <unk> urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you look at something that is not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> nothing was possible at some point .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition , and I just recognized something , and I was involved with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want to do every day when we 're going to find ourselves every day when we 're going to find something we feel to do . If it 's not now , when is n't I , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years <unk> in situations very hard , and at the same time a dangerous time .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Right in war zones , difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun to the beginning , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career I 've been involved in <unk> situations with the only goal to try and look at social issues of ways that kind of attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that you can see and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the sponsorship wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So , some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took a warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some of you on Twitter , I offered the rights to the name of my TEDTalk , 2011 .
What had been the following : `` <unk> <unk> <unk> : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and based on content I could take it in the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous or your company to do it .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree on progress , by the way .
So even with that speaker , I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I had n't been able to tell you for sure .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the marketing world , the advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be prepared , and nothing could be <unk> , and so dangerous as I enter the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that deals with the product of products , marketing and advertising , and that the whole film is <unk> with <unk> products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to be called `` The greatest film ever sold . ''
What happens in the biggest movie ever sold , is that all above the bottom , beginning to end , has a brand of brand , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X mark .
Now this brand , <unk> degrees , the <unk> Center .
These people were <unk> to the film to the time .
And so the film looks at this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ''
I 'm a <unk> . ( MK : I just say it . It was more by emphasis .
It was `` A forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have a sponsor sponsor sponsor , but we 're going to make sure we 're going to give them out all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most great shoe that you 've used ...
The most great car you 've driven in `` The greatest film ever ] sold , the best drink you 've drunk , <unk> from `` The greatest film ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing you the brands as part of the life , make them <unk> the film ? ( MS : <unk> that <unk> the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The complete film of the film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , beginning to end .
And I would love to help you help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : you know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
Guy : However , I do n't know how wealthy people are going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle . '' I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how to do it ? David <unk> : How much money does it have to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard the meeting with them , but it 's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , let 's see a lot of merry idiots .
MS : What do you think it 's going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell it , by the film or to be me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : It means you 're not very optimistic .
So , they help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge : When you look at the people you have to treat .
MK : We have some places where you go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` switch off the camera , '' meant a conversation out of a microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know about your film . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , it was present to as many people as possible , to make as many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media , and the setting of separate media , is n't the idea to tell with that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> mistake , and that error was this .
Not really , there was no mistake .
There was no error at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look for <unk> images on Google , this is one of the first images that come up .
I like to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception , and it 's easily detected or seen ; that 's characterized by the visibility or access to information , especially in business practices -- being the last line , perhaps the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , the president , the claims , even the CEOs called it .
But suddenly when it comes to doing something , it suddenly changes .
But why ? Well , transparency , fear -- like that weird bear that still follows .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
We had an entire bowl of Cool Cool .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want you to tell <unk> . ''
We want you to tell a story , but they tell <unk> .
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in a lie -- and there he was looking at me as <unk> , and he 's like , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
It 's your story , it 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own , I would have to take the proxy and go to the businesses myself with all my team .
So what I started to figure out of a sudden , and I started to give me <unk> is that when you start talking to companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big films , huge , giant movies and others making small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make great Hollywood movies , giant , say the reason why their movies are so successful because they have the brands that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The greatest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone , I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you , you know .
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there would offer you one of these fabulous binary .
So much `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` <unk> of paradise '' will have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , on bar , whatever .
That 's the overall look .
Now I can answer your questions and give them a look at <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
Similar to the kind of smaller movies that <unk> ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that you have other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , remind people of the world is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe the current ?
It 's in white .
KF : That 's a great question .
Volunteer : Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something you want to put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think that fresh , '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep ourselves fresh ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those that highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , to people like me , to the commons .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , <unk> punk unless it is a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : One ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have to be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , many gray colors and things like that .
They usually take accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , and it would Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I would call it casual <unk> .
Volunteer 2 : In part of a hippie , partly <unk> , in part <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of the pets .
I 'd put toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx away because they deliver the commodities .
Man 5 : Nation failed <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a <unk> lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be a brand , Tom , but I often get involved in the intersection of the dark <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed someone who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that brand personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they would surely be able to do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
<unk> : Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me from that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in , like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from and start in a place and in my case , and in my case , and they start in my family , in West Virginia .
So , what is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
So how does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way ?
MS : It 's like who wanted to be me .
I like different things .
I like the weird things . I like the weird things .
To me , `` Why . ''
What 's the dynamics ? What phase is the <unk> ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to go out of this .
There was a lot of madness all over this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , <unk> Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They were <unk> very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox on them .
And I think some companies just get involved in one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to know -- and it 's nature to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you are in fact , you 'll turn into something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see Target here , Wii , Mini , <unk> Mini .
Now there are playful marks and conscious marks , those things that have gone and come from , but a <unk> brand is something quite potent .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to <unk> your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a rising attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you rather an downwards attribute ?
A little bit more quiet , reserved , reserved ?
The bottom-up attributes are how to be playful , like the <unk> , contemporary , adventurous , bold or audacious , like <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , magical or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you rather sharp attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
You 're set , traditional , provider , protector , compared to Oprah ?
Are you reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , <unk> , contemplative , <unk> , as the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 , ascending and descending States , which said no , they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this movie , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have any control over the product .
We allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this movie of how we now use MRI , and identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing .
We went to San Paulo where <unk> advertising is banned .
In the entire city for the last five years , there are no posters , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are moving in schools with liquidity problems in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I have had the biggest answer or that I 've been more successful in the ones that I interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> to the <unk> , they took their donor agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with it to create something different , something that is going to challenge people , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did you go ? They were successful ?
Well , since the movie was released at the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the movie was released in January , and since then -- and this is not we have had 900 million impressions on the media for this film .
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to win .
And it 's not bad because most of the agencies we talked about to their customers not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk risks , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , you 're pushing it to failure .
I think when you train your employees at the risk of risk , it 's preparing their entire company to have a reward .
I feel that what 's going to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take chances .
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I think we have to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
They 're afraid of the fear . <unk> the risk .
From a <unk> at the time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
More than a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk , `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends in <unk> who for the dollars bought the rights of the name of <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> great data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So Morgan , in the name of transparency , that happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check to the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for names to be applied to my support for TED next year .
The idea behind the lab , Stuxnet , is really very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we can engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
<unk> boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put a effective <unk> virus on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind the Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , the centrifuge breaks , and the Iranian nuclear program is taken off ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started researching about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes , these <unk> systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what was going on with this .
So they went very strange .
Stuxnet came like a laboratory rat who did n't like our cheese : they wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is an attack run . ''
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is looking at actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect it is actually working in that place .
If no , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , an American power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than <unk> the goal soon .
And then we pulled up and <unk> the code code , and we discovered that it was structured to two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were very armed with people who were obviously armed with all the internal information .
I 'll take all the points for that to attack .
You probably know how much it fits the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the <unk> of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the load is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this code code .
We 're talking about about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty old .
I want to tell you how we were able to find meaning in this code .
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and we tried to engage with the real world , with potential targets in the real world .
We need some theories about recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , and it must be a valuable white , and it 's certainly located in Iran , because most of the infections have been <unk> .
There are not several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> <unk> plant .
So I told my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts on <unk> and energy plants . ''
I called them and I went back to an effort to <unk> their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor is that cell phone part within the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , you can certainly <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious obvious effort to go crazy to maintenance engineers , so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> looking very closely at the data and its structures .
So , for example , the number of <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't be <unk> .
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in between .
So there 's no misunderstanding : it did n't .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work .
That 's routinely <unk> dead ends , and we had to go back .
So yet , we discovered that both digital warheads were going on to one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we are very confident that we 've determined that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other targets are <unk> .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and up you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is <unk> the input values of sensors for example , from the pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provide legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , false input data .
And believe it or not , these fake input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like the Hollywood movies where , during the robbery , the security camera was feeding video .
That 's great , huh ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room .
It 's really much more dangerous and more aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big steam turbine goes on , you 've got to get <unk> valves at a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they are committed , then they can go wrong .
The plant can explode .
And the <unk> and the security system will notice .
That scares me .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think of this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could work as well , for example , in a power plant , or a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have , like attacker , which disseminate this load of a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use the conventional technology of <unk> worms .
They make as much as possible .
And if you made that , with what <unk> is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are a lot of goals .
We have to deal with the consequences , and better than we 're going to start to prepare .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My mind is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can take you and give them <unk> skills , or another one that makes chairs of wheelchair seats and go back to walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're nothing different from something that is put in the morning , gives you a huge force , which has also increased its speed , and helps , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the actual integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and it hook it up with the universe and with other continents .
This is not a false idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , have to take on their back a 45 pounds of 45 pounds , and you 're pushing up even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injury on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the chronic chronic damage damage .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> .
Soldier : With the <unk> exoskeleton , I can carry 90 pounds for variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to put in a lot of <unk> and running movements with a big agility .
I 'm going to look at what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the <unk> users , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens to often , very young people , with damage in the spinal cord that when they start their life -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years they collide against a wall , and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that it multiplied very quickly .
Its only choice , many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been this for the last 500 years , from their successful emergence , as I must recognize .
So , we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago had a spinal injury , and as a result , he could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It 's got some sensors .
They completely non-invasive on crutches that they send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are also a few batteries that give you energy on the hip , and on the knees and they do it with this soft , very natural , very natural gait .

In a fraction of a second , I lost all of the feeling and all the pelvis movement down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda you never walk again . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole up to the last <unk> of my self .
<unk> technology , since then , has allowed me to learn how to <unk> it costs down in <unk> , climbing rocks , and even ride a bicycle bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of chairs to each other .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where the fun is serious .
And not , it 's not the festival of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now chimpanzees are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made a lot of emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by the big guys , frightening , the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence still has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> forest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- a violent conflict that 's been sustained by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction is also putting in danger to survival of the Bonobo .
The trade of whaling and deforestation do you do n't can fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not quite sure about it .
However , in this land of violence , and chaos , you can hear the unseen laughter <unk> the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not war , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the life of the Bonobo is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , as humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish ties and foster tolerance .
We learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity , diversity of behaviors , the diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the same evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play it , but I want to show you a couple unique videos from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> set of ball ; I do n't talk football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It might be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` He has <unk> . ''
I just think that in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sexual game is common both in bonobos as in humans .
And this video really is interesting , because it shows -- this video really is interesting , because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements in the game -- like <unk> , and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's the most fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder would be .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with <unk> water .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and we explored the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real flesh of creativity .
These are just little samples of understanding the Bonobo giving us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future in which we have to adapt to a world more and more difficult with greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we get the most of our game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For feminine and humans , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks at least appropriate to play , it can be the moments in which it is most urgent .
So , fellow primates , let 's embrace this gift of evolution and play together while <unk> creativity and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires like a captain 's <unk> in a <unk> department .
And in our city , where the volunteers are given to a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a race to the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , he was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that has certainly been through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in the middle of the night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in his pajamas , <unk> , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before me , <unk> <unk> <unk> came up to the captain , and he asked her to walk into the dog owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous !
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , for the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people I walked into a burning building to save a living living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and he brings this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I got up the stairs , at the end of the hallway , I went to the <unk> firemen , which at that height was just finished off the fire and went into the fourth one in search for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back by the ladder where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the main door .
We got out of the house the treasures for the house owner , where , as I waited , his treasure got a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department got a letter from the house owner of the <unk> to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at about what she had had was even a pair of shoes .
And so much in my calling in Robin Hood , as in my calling as a fireman , I witness the acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also by acts of grace and courage to individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're for achieving , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : Do n't wait .
Do n't expect to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's get it right now .
You know , <unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
You 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but each day we 're going to influence someone 's life .
So they trained the game . <unk> the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks they made in <unk> with a very simple idea : cement modules , a fixed measure of a fixed measure .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have enabled us to build bigger things than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , the <unk> came up with this .
It was called the cave assembly brick .
And in a few years , the bricks of <unk> came to all the homes .
It 's been estimated that they 've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
<unk> did it accessible .
<unk> simply adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new block of building .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks , sort of on a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much larger and more complex circuits , a brick at once .
But there 's a main difference : The transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
Let me show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about it is they bring together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the current , the pink is the input and the orange one is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue blue , and very quickly , you can start making bigger circuits .
A blue blue produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have an regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light light .
We added this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , they 're actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and screw , <unk> allows us to program using very simple gesture .
To make blink faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to be <unk> bricks .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors ; it must be accessible .
We 've given <unk> to kids to see them playing with them .
And it has been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light works of night , or why the elevator door is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without some electronics start playing with <unk> like a material .
So here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> to create ...
And a few weeks ago , we took a few weeks ago , we took the designers at the Rhode Island School designers , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and we said , do something .
Here 's an example of a project that have been done , a <unk> cannon per movement .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> locust locust that 's been afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , the electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be at the fingertips .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , and download all of the design files and <unk> .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar system industry .
And my little company is looking for involved in the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Uh , wait a moment .
You can take a little bit on charge .
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Solar technology is ...
Oh , am I spent time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they 're supposed to do ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called `` <unk> for America '' and would be like a <unk> <unk> for the Internet .
We had a few members every year , and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them the Third World , we send the city world .
They did big applications ; they worked with municipal employees .
His job is to show the possibilities of today 's technology .
Think about it .
It 's a fire hydrant .
Here 's as if I would look for a quote , but what you really look for is somebody you have to get it when you get caught in the snow , because he knows it 's not very good by putting fires when it 's covered for a meter of snow .
How did he ask help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that moment , it 's very much last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something more : that citizens cleaned with shovels the sidewalks right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application that you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean when it snows .
When you do that , you put a name in this case , in this case he put him up .
If you do n't do it , somebody can <unk> them .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 applications that are happening last year .
But it does something that no other technology is achieved .
And it extends viral .
A responsible for <unk> systems of Honolulu to see this app realized that I could use it , not for the snow , but for citizens to make <unk> .
It 's very important that they work on the tsunami , but people steals the batteries .
That 's why they ask citizens to control .
And then in Seattle , he decided to use it to make the citizens <unk> blindfolded .
And Chicago just throwing it out to make people <unk> to clean sidewalks when it snows .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spread without friction , naturally and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that they had done by the normal channels that would have taken at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the California justice power to the moment , two billion dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this at every level of government .
So an application on a couple of days and <unk> <unk> is a kind of shot from warning to the institution of the government .
It suggests the best ways to work , not as in private companies , as a lot of people think should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
That is to say , without constraints , open and <unk> .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an collective institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital action .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a lot of frustration in front of that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we 've lost from sight .
And that is that if you leave the feelings about politics , line up in the <unk> , and all those other things that they put us crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to <unk> it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately grows from us -- remember , `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it will actually affect how to produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to pick people up for charges .
Well , after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is , above all , a matter of <unk> .
This is the phone care center and information .
It 's the place that serves the calls if you mark 311 in the U.S .
Scott <unk> this call .
He said `` <unk> '' at the base of official knowledge .
I found nothing . He started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , can you open the gates of the house , put it very strong music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So Scott 's .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I do n't get that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New <unk> <unk> in Boston .
One day , this really happened , comes to this `` <unk> in my garbage cube , '' I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to remove them ? ''
The dynamic of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went up to the place , I found the trash cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . <unk> ? Yes .
I gave a cube . I went home .
Good evening , candy . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the definition of technological technology .
I 'm talking about a platform so that people will get away and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
connected to the two people .
And it might be connected to government services , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper choice than the government services .
When one neighbor helps another , they will promote communities .
If we call the animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think that one is the entry of the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader , sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and it would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But that 's that contempt that keeps us that we do that that we do that we do to operate in our against , that other thing , and as a result , we 're losing power .
People think politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we have to make the bureaucracy sexy .
Because it 's where the real government works .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that have been written by a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of the <unk> -- the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's activism .
And for those of us who have been <unk> to the government , it 's time to ask us to ask what world we want to leave with our children .
You have to see the enormous challenges that they have to face .
Do you really believe that we 're going to have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do with government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology , it 's possible to rethink the government function so that they can expand strengthening the civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act <unk> , you have to articulate the systems of the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old so that I , reluctantly , I 'm a bigger generation that many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up with the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their opinions in any channel at any time , and they do it .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't care very much to make heard of their voices .
They 're using their hands .
They bring hands to the work to program applications that do better to the government .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a fire hydrant , taking away weeds and dumping a garbage garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we always could have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are like a digital abstract , which is not only consumers , we are not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : We are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until not <unk> the citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all together , we 're going to be a crowd of voices , or are we going to be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life on marginalized communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has an identity .
And the things that are saying here , they have impact around the world .
At times , if something comes from TED , it has a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important to be important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach themselves , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can do much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family from a matriarch dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in every discussion in the family .
She took many of them in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840 .
She was born on the 1880 and his experience with slavery to <unk> the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little kid , and I looked at it , she was approaching me , and she gave me a good hug .
I became so strong I could barely breathe , and then I dropped away .
One or two hours later , I would go back and look at it , and I was going to look at me and say , `` Do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I was saying it did n't , I went back and I was saying yes , I left myself in peace .
I had this human quality that would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the youngest of 10 .
At times , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to get their time and their attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and there were all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
Then he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , I went through the room , and I took my hand , and he said , `` You see <unk> . We 're going to talk two to a conversation . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
He took me out and said , `` You know , let 's tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now you 're not going to do . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
And then he said , `` I just want you to take three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to stop it forever . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to do is you 're always going to do the right thing , but it 's the right thing to be hard . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally , he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field in rural <unk> . I have a older brother and a sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he pulled it up , grabbed my sister and left to the forest .
We just got all the crazy things .
He took a sip of beer , offered him to my sister , she took a little and offered to me .
I said , `` No , no , no . You 're still . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today you <unk> it . And you always do the same thing as we do .
I took something , your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I 'm not good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me at the time .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
I hit the <unk> and I went on , `` Oh , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells you all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got rid of it .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something I probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I have 52 years , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this to be a virtue ; I mean by the power that identity has .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that they really do n't see meaning .
We ca n't get to do things that do n't believe being able to do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in prison during the ban .
My uncles died of diseases related to alcohol .
And these were the things that , as she , we had to engage .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million .
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or color , you find so much <unk> , so despair , determined by these facts .
One in three black people in the age of 18 and 30 is in prison or <unk> .
In urban <unk> all over the country , L.A. , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people in jail are in prison or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal justice system , which is much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth is affecting the results .
And it seems like we feel very memorable .
The politics of fear and anger make us believe that these are not problems .
We are disconnected .
It seems interesting .
We 're looking at our work some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you 're going to stop for rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if you toss it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where they were sentencing for 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , without chance of getting out .
Right now we are in some litigation process .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In a sense , you have to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
From every nine people , <unk> , has identified one that is <unk> and released from death row .
A rate of error , amazing , an innocent of every nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would n't be allowed to fly airplanes if every nine to take off , you would have been crashing .
But somehow we cut off the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our fight .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted until World War II .
We really do n't know much about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was kind of defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what he defined their lives .
There are now older people who come to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , do speeches . <unk> people to stop saying that in our history cope with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued , obviously , with segregation and decades of separation and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We 're constantly creating tensions and conflicts .
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that you could n't get through racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving about death row .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stopped after my presentation and said , `` You know , it 's good worrying to hear what you 're saying . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
We could n't naturally have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way that we have to have our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we could put people . ''
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , <unk> people , especially if they were in their own Jews ?
We could not tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these issues that are so difficult , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . <unk> creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both of these things .
We talked lately about the need for more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means to be more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , those who never get to TED .
Think of them is , in a way , something that is within us .
We have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
The innovation , with creativity , development is not just brain ideas .
These things come from ideas that come from ideas also by the convictions .
This connection of mind with the mind is what drives us to look not just in brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and hard .
We 've talked about it , the great <unk> leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe , suffering the oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , guidance for spirit , a will for being on sites of despair and witnessed . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to be engaged .
There is no disconnect with technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , exclusion , to inequality , injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we are ignoring these things .
We go back to you .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women would get together simply to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady was calling me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the Mrs. Parks , we 're going to get to speak .
Would you want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Be ma'am . I know . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I 'll answer , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I just listened to it .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And at one time I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We 're trying to help those who have been convicted doomed .
We 're trying to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
We 're trying to end the sentencing sentences , without parole for children .
We 're trying to do something about death penalty .
We 're trying to reduce the population in the prisons .
We 're trying to end the massive <unk> . ''
I gave all my best speech , and I finished he looked at me and said , `` Hey , hmm , um . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that moment , Ms. <unk> leaned down , he threw his finger in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to figure out how to address those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally , humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand , and to believe that every one of us is higher to the worst we have .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a burglar .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
This is not .
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very stimulating , we 're not being judge by our technology , for our designs , not our intellectual or rational capacity .
By the end you judge the character of a society , not because of the way that they treat rich , powerful and privileged , but because of the way poor people are treated , prisoners , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
I 'm sometimes broken , and I 'm going to finish with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my wife in an important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been sentenced to a lot of toughness .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> to be <unk> as adults .
And I start to think , how can it be ?
How can a judge make someone else that is not ?
The judge <unk> him as an adult , but I see a child .
A very late night , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As it was too late , I could n't think properly , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14 , small client , black , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> for my <unk> black client to be treated as a privilege for 75 years , CEO of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I had that there was there there was been hardworking behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or really the writing ?
For my horror , it was n't just <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into court .
I thought this would be very hard and pitiful .
I finally got off the car . I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; it was the fellowship of court .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` Are you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached it and dumped .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected with me , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I walked into the audiences .
When you go in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , I was me , '' and we started discussing .
People started getting . They were all upset .
I was the one who had written those crazy things .
They came the cops behind the assistants , the auxiliary attacks .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They were all furious because we were talking about race , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I was able to see the superintendent that was going and came .
I would look out the window and you 're going to hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , entered the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a sheriff 's assistant showed up because the superintendent had entered the room .
The assistant ran over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audiences ? ''
And the old black guy stood up , I looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I walked into this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view on the goal of a <unk> . ''
I 've come today to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very large , but it folds into justice .
That we ca n't really be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and by dignity .
That our survival is tied up to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind all of brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the people who share this , I just want to tell you to keep your view on the goal of being treated .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You 've just heard and see a specific desire for the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> of this spring in which you 're going to do an effort to bring the funds that you spend today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row , over the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the murder cases are not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law to get the law , to security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it 's got to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say to those who believe it is ?
BS : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crime for violence .
It 's because of the wrong war against drugs .
That 's why there 's this dramatic rise in the <unk> population .
And we let us convince the rhetoric about punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people into life for life , for stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against property , instead of making them <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've excited us today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats for Bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . Voice 3 : The police throw back O.C . spray .
<unk> 4 : <unk> <unk> . <unk> 5 : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer 6 : <unk> . <unk> 7 : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : tsunami . <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War on <unk> . It 's massively massive . <unk> .
He went . <unk> . <unk> . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months , <unk> might be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that press media would rather prefer negative news because our minds are paying attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
At every second of every day , our senses get a lot more data than the brain can process .
And as nothing , we care about to survive , the first stop of all of those data is an old excerpt of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm .
So that 's why a <unk> stories of stories will look at the negative .
That old news saying , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , no wonder we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is going wrong .
But maybe it does n't .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , extinction of species , water shortage and energy ; we have no doubts .
As humans , we 're very good at <unk> problems , and , in the long , we just ended up with them .
Let 's see what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , average per capita income , has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has been brought down 10 times .
In addition , the cost of food , of electricity , of transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker has shown us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles graffiti that the world literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep giving us the higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line , have electricity , water , bathrooms , refrigerators , television , mobile air , air conditioning .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
<unk> a lot of this is the technology and , lately , exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that 's <unk> in technology of information jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the performance at about 12 to 24 months .
For that reason your mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
This is Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times , in the war and peace , in recession , in depression and the boom .
It 's the speed of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop for any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , the curve goes up .
The rate of technology growth is actually getting faster and faster .
And on this curve , to <unk> from Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , and my friends call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize <unk> , and its ability to democratize personalized production on the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food , digital medicine , <unk> and A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy , '' from IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought for the best headline , the best headline .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy is not an easy game . ''
He plays the nuances of the human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud available for all of the mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the big challenges of humanity .
And each year , we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , which may positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have absurd <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single one of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that that 's scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's an Napoleon 's story in the <unk> of the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited the king of <unk> .
The Napoleon of Napoleon ate with covered in silver , and the same Napoleon , covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with covered with aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was more than gold and platinum .
For that reason , the end of the Washington game is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is the 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tied through the oxygen and the <unk> .
But then the <unk> came , and he made something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
Let 's put this analogy into the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet under 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 's 16 <unk> every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's from accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the generated by diesel : we can have rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT , MIT , that shows that in the late decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts of America , solar will cost six cents an hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average .
And if we have abundance of energy , we also have abundance of water .
Let 's talk about the wars in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed the spacecraft Voyager up to the Earth , in 1990 , after country Saturn ?
So he picked up a famous picture . What was it called ?
`` A pale spot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought for 0.5 percent of the planet on the planet , but there 's a hope here .
It 's a technology available not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , <unk> .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do that -- their technology called <unk> <unk> , already the <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water to the day of any source of saltwater , contaminated water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The Coca-Cola president just thought that I 'll make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have full confidence that this will be , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation by this technology that exists today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of mobile penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago .
And , from counting with a smart phone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have predicted ever .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology , <unk> <unk> , and they lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing to get when you find the applications in health .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation something called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has an A.I . , you can coughing , you can get blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the morbidity charge is 25 percent , and there is 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device <unk> a virus of RNA or DNA that wo n't recognition , to call the <unk> , and first of all , let the pandemic happen .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it a billion increase .
The white lines here are the population .
We just passed the mark of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to provide the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , I 'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never heard that you add to the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What do you feel ? What do you want ?
And instead of an economic collapse we have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars <unk> in the global economy .
And more health care thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with Khan Academy , and because of using 3D prints and computation in the cloud , will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion members of humanity , healthy healthier and productive ?
How about voices never before ?
What if we give them to the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and power for the first time ?
So what would you take out of three billion ?
What if they are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by his passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things ; things that only could do the big corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to end by sharing a story that really excited me .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played this with college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it .
And it has been shown that today the machinery of human patterns recognition is turning proteins that better computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take on the big challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the <unk> passion .
We have the capital of the <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that we were getting to work on to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have for a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
You may believe that she said , `` Well , it was n't . ''
They actually pick fish up .
And he described one of them as well as `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught it much to the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red List in the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , on Galapagos and elsewhere , so that does n't have anything special .
But the case is , we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story is also illustrates another concept : displacement around the waist .
Because I was in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The pond was surrounded by palms , and , as you can see , from the mangroves .
There were <unk> about 20 centimeters , the <unk> of black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was happening for a good moment , so it was earning more than average in Ghana .
When I was 27 years later , the amount of fish had gone down in half .
I went to five inches .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the <unk> coast in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s -- well , it started in the <unk> Europe , a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose on the countries that had 100,000 fishermen , including industrial fishing .
And this boat , really ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went fishing in him , and we did studies in southern China 's Sea , and , above all , in the Java Sea .
What we captured there we captured was something else .
<unk> , right now , sea bottom .
Ninety percent of what we capture were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on some remains , the remains of a coral reef fish .
In summary , the sea bottom came on the deck , and then he was cast .
These pictures are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing .
The bottom line is a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . <unk> them because they were dead .
We had once captured a living .
I was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of debris is what they collect every time they go to an area where they have never fish .
But it has no documented .
<unk> the world , but we do n't remember it .
We 're going to take the starting point , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this , something happens .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , numbers of whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things .
Every generation will be using the pictures received by the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can look at the succession of change .
And ultimately , I maintain the <unk> .
And that , largely , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem is affecting people when societies <unk> kill animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before you go extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose any animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on the big animals , and in an synonymous with big fish .
They become rare because the <unk> .
We have a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect it to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you present , like a captain of such a captain , and so a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually not use the fishing scientists , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From there , the huge paper that can deliver a protected marine area .
Because with the marine protected areas , we really <unk> the past .
<unk> the past that people can not conceive of because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from vision , which allows them to erase their point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and film , maybe you can fill the void . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the movie , you 're going to talk about the story of <unk> , why do you deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , to do `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So we 're going to see why the videos are done and what importance has to do .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today the web is making any of us , or our actions , copper for a part of our world culture .
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
There are over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage gets viral , gets countless <unk> and wins cultural momentum .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation , and a surprise factor .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video out of his house in National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the views in the popularity of the past summer .
<unk> was n't meant to do a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if you call Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published many videos from nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
He was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
The creators like Jimmy Kimmel to show us new and interesting people , and they <unk> them to a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , on Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . Everybody wants it to go on a week , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . <unk> on Friday . KA : You wo n't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
They saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Like , `` double rainbow , '' this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , <unk> <unk> Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of creators embrace a point of view , and they share it with a wider audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big internal joke , then it starts to talk about it and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> of <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a spoof for each other days .
Unlike the one-way <unk> of the 20th century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` Cat <unk> '' is a <unk> animation with a music chord .
That 's this thing .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours version that has been seen four million times .
Even cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made a version of the old one .
And then international did .
Suddenly , a whole community of remix , which made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all become part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted `` <unk> '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> Cat . ''
What script could have been written to do that ?
In a world in which two days up on two days of video , only that only one and unexpected can be able to make it just the way these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who 's going to stand against <unk> <unk> in New York , I 'm going to admit that I did n't get interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket not by <unk> , but often there are obstacles that prevent you in place properly .
KA : Thank you the surprise effect and your humor , Casey <unk> managed to get five million to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we do creatively .
And all of this leads to a big question ...
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , the totally unexpected , are features of a new type of media , a new culture , which we all have access to and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the <unk> celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little bit of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of old media , they 're barely the current media , but they 're going to define the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that is still building .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope and freedom of his country .
Imagine as the communist people come in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been completely in vain .
The words , for so long , were making fun .
They become quiet .
She died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> it , but it <unk> it .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn <unk> <unk> to sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two little girls .
For her , life had been devoted to a task : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And after a <unk> <unk> that defies fiction , a boat has slid into the sea <unk> of fishing ship .
All adults knew the risks .
Most fear were pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother had a poison with poison .
If you catch , we would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant pace of the engine , the bow diving into each wave , and the vast horizon and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates who came several times , but they were <unk> with the courage of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not to start to start by six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finish the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , because by the platform of the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of working class whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells who came from the rest of the stores were the rest of the world .
And <unk> English fragments were being traded between the people who had a common thing : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then in a car assembly line , working six days , double a turn .
Still , I found time to study English and get a degree in IT technology .
We were poor .
All of the dollars were assigned , and an extra mentoring of English and math , no matter what you should take away , which was generally new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two base pairs for school , one to hide the holes from the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And he had weird <unk> and <unk> on the <unk> , and some graffiti : `` Asians , come home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I was <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start in order to be able to <unk> .
She opened a computer shop , and then he studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were getting caught in between two worlds .
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors .
And they were created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic , relentless , relentless student with what it took from myself .
On the other , he was <unk> in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But a lot of help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , they elected me the young Australian young year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
As I read , anonymously at <unk> , it was now as much , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of , and in houses that she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat into the routines , and the happy life of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending up the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> over the day of each one and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was now the same age as she had when we get up the boat .
`` No '' was never a choice .
`` Make it , '' he said , `` You 're not what you 're not . ''
So I talked about <unk> and educated and educated and <unk> to the slums and the symbols .
And the more frankly I was talking , the more you have to talk about .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the boundary of the possible .
And although I finished my bachelor , I realized I could n't stay in a career of lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly formed , new on the scene -- and not only it 's good , but it 's something that is being grateful , perhaps a gift of the boat .
Because being inside it , it can easily mean <unk> , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave them enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is cutting , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> , they were tremendously <unk> .
There was a power there , an relentless optimism , a rare mixture of humility and bravery .
So I kept my intuition .
They 're going to take a small group of people for whom the slogan `` ca n't do '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , I did a giant soup pot that we all shared .
They were <unk> at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
After a single journey .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time when the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person that mattered .
Life had not changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised .
At the age of 17 , he became a <unk> whose mother was beating her .
Without her husband 's support , I caused a tone to the <unk> and bringing the cause , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
He ca n't get it wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw it stop on the other side .
I knew I had come to say .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her coffin .
We tell stories , and we made sure that we were still with it .
At night a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise their hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body as cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> them . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life was formed , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have easily <unk> .
Now I want to have my own children , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who could do that for that ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of easy , right .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , a fearless one in each wave , the constant pace of the engine , the vast horizon that no guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to them and watch them safely , I would .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother here , at the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the <unk> skies , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation with how nothing has changed since the age of ancient Indian epic `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car , you 'd go to the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when <unk> , the great Mother warrior Indian , he was thirst , I would pull an arch and a <unk> on the ground , he could get water .
Now we do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we had was that the machinery were replaced by magic .
And that 's a big deal .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I was reminded of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't help my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> silver <unk> .
And this piece of 50 years was for my the most magical thing .
It became a <unk> door to a world full of pictures , pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent you all .
We get our inspiration .
So I launched myself , I threw into this technological world to see how to create magic , rather than kill her .
<unk> books from the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the world .
You can know how we take the book .
So where we are .
<unk> the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The narrative becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that happen ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so , `` This box says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
At several times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live , thanks to GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl gets excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but the <unk> of childhood , to those ideas that <unk> from children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me .
So , over here , we need to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And actually , they light your way into what comes from the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that a whole galaxy <unk> in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every single world becomes a <unk> that I drag up to this magical device , within the device .
And it opens up a map .
In all <unk> book , there 's always been maps but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go into .
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the <unk> and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia , in an old book .
So we 're bringing it back into contemporary child history .
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images from different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , rocks , <unk> and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to get back this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you put a photo to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label .
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , I 've seen a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking .
Within the variants of connection between the magic , the Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book we 've chosen to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad , and the video turned on , and through augmented reality , you see a group of cameras that appear on top of the inside of the house .
At a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and <unk> to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic and technology come up with each other .
It 's the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and love love that we sat down through a single story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to tell you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was a <unk> of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients , family and familiar : What happens ? ''
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got a doorknob on and off .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I link to me , sends my data to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him too . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when he needs <unk> or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 10,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before I go up to my car , people start talking to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure from the peers used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to quit smoking .
On the other hand , it can <unk> to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to get more control of their health .
So from the next week being available .
This little bit of <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people are going to be able , from their homes , take their blood pressure , get their blood pressure , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they get back to recover control and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help health care because of the challenges we face , as the firing of the costs of <unk> attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team .
And they can do it with techniques like these , but they can also do crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did want to share with you with you with a video .
We all have controls of shipping in cars .
Maybe we even have them on our cell phones .
We all know where the ATM machines are .
You know , where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find chains of fast food .
But where is the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was crowdsourcing the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked them to the audience that , if you see a <unk> , please <unk> , you know , where , and when it 's open , you know , when it 's open up to the office schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> , they were already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the application for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next couple of weeks to use your cell phone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , what can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we wish to <unk> the world .
We 're talking about all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find and work as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> throughout the world .
Whenever you 're on holiday and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I 'd also invite companies around the world that could help us verify these <unk> .
It could be <unk> messaging or phone people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please go through this and not only improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share Darwin 's photography .
Or is it <unk> .
Because of course , they 're photographs that can not take your cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera , the process was in the planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when this trigger .
To me photography , I had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
I thought I could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that started when you press the trigger .
Pictures like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful pictures at the time , but with the common goal to maintain the realism level .
And when I say realism , I say <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can tell you , but I always want it to be captured in a way as a photograph .
What you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It 's more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are the details or colors ?
Did you get light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world , and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we took different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here 's three perfect objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional ; as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So , <unk> the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture that 's a picture of realistic , I think that they do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our everyday life .
But by combining photographs , it 's very important to consider , because otherwise something will be seen .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Secondly , photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images meet these requirements ; they were taken on the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to make us impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think this is the picture of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally composed of photographs of different places .
So , personally , I think it 's easier to create a place to find it because you do n't need to put in danger of ideas that are in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in the winter I knew that I had several months to <unk> , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone hole .
And yes , I even did red the top of the island of the island so that it looks more educated .
So , to get a realistic outcome , I think we need planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
And then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is pretty well that he meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and the very realistic time .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
So let me start showing a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a kind of a diagram I took from a folder .
I 'm not very interested in showing you the details , but the general thing .
This is an analysis we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many other things we tend to see , is a kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something odd here .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity because they 're writing about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if you draw it into a normal curve , where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any amount of technology I want to show , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
He does n't say much .
But if you were to say , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , it would be very silly , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , it gives a qualitative change .
If the transportation technology <unk> as fast as microprocessors , we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go through that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a <unk> growth that every few years will advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't forever forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's get one of two things .
Or you turn into a typical curve , I know like this until something is completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's what it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like this .
So we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what the world used to be , to a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask me , `` What is that new way that embraces the world ? ''
Where new state is going ?
The transition seems very , very confusing if we 're immersed in it .
I remember a child the future was happening in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people are talking about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
That 's a transformation . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to tell you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and IT .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The scale of time where I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years .
So we go back a few two billion years when the Earth was a large <unk> rock with a lot of chemicals that <unk> around .
If you look at the way those chemicals organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories in order to start to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it is that , at that time , there were just floating on some oil <unk> with all kinds of chemicals inside of it .
Some of those drops of oil held a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside , and then the droplets grew up .
And they started to divide .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those <unk> oil forms .
But those droplets were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random prescription for chemicals .
And every time you have been divided , it 's an unequal distribution of the chemicals that had .
So each drop was a little different .
In fact , drops them in a way to be better as being better than bringing chemicals around , growing more , <unk> more chemicals and split more .
Most of you lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things were interesting to be interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't really understand these <unk> people learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to be stable since it evolved two million years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living thing is expressed by exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
So here I have 100 white dust , I 'm trying to hide the airport security .
But it contains -- I took this code -- code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and it <unk> 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants to want 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot to everyone here -- in fact , for every single person in the world and is here .
If it was a <unk> , you would have put it in a virus , and it would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells be happy about another billion years .
But then another big step of the interesting step in which things were going on very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information , forming information communities .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , antibiotic resistance has evolved .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and <unk> to create their little little DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place that they would create communities that , in a way , were together , and a synergy .
In that way they survive or failed together , or whether a community was very successful , all the individuals of that community were killed more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came up so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the entire recipe for the community together in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells , working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't use the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
They started <unk> information .
And we 're building very special structures that did not more than process information in community .
These are the neural structures .
neurons are the devices that process the information that they process these cell phones built .
In fact , they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures for record , understanding and convey information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , one organism could , for example , learn how to eat a certain piece of fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time she ate it .
It could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that we 've built for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system has built these information structures enormously accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time you need to learn .
But then of course , individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If you think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm sitting here emitting emitting mostly grunting and lucky ones , building a similar , vague , <unk> idea , in his head that holds some analogy with mine .
But we took something very complicated we made it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to do abstractions .
Now we spend through periods of the multicellular organisms , and we 're going to take our methods of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
<unk> , computing , video tape , the CD-ROM and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that aggregate into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> where it produced some evolution with the <unk> program .
And now we have accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next , language and so on , took less than a million years .
And the next , like electronics , seems to take a few decades .
The process is back back -- I suppose that <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process goes back .
But I make my career designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that jobs to design would not be possible without the advances in recent computer .
But now , I design objects of complexity that would be impossible for me to design it .
I do n't know that every transistor makes these connections .
There are billions .
Instead , with <unk> <unk> designers , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it on the machine and the machine with that makes something that you could before , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please , please , can you run a hundred million random instructions ? ''
Could you run these random instructions , to run all those programs , and take those of those things that we want to do with what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to tidying up numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely to some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , he could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the job ?
I 'm going to get it to the rest .
And now let me get the best to ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> on an analog recombination process . ''
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , and that the kids would go through the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of software combinations that they had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
<unk> again .
And I 'm going to get through some mutations .
And he tries to try and try and try and go back to another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
At the end , we end up with programs that are written in numbers of absolutely perfect ways .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They are dark programs , strangers .
But they get that .
In fact , I know , I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that made it .
In fact , their lives depended on it .
Once he was going on a 747 , he 's going to be happy , and he pulled out a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , <unk> plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to offer a safe flight . ' Do n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they 're becoming complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to do very different design processes .
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things than that produces normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole choices there are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
We now use these programs to make a lot faster and so we could run these programs much faster .
That is , it feeds back .
The thing is getting faster and so I think it seems so <unk> .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we are at an analogous moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the heck we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it is to come .
But now it comes lunch , and I think we 'll stop here before I got myself .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've practiced enough time for letting me give up a part of my false prestige .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series begins .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because you go out , `` Let 's hear the rules , '' he talks about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you guys know .
It 's called the average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , a <unk> <unk> .
That means that <unk> bat is effectively three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being stuck , and that anyone who 's trying to throw it at the first base , do n't get to time , and the second base to be saved .
Three <unk> .
You know how you call a <unk> <unk> in the Great <unk> ?
Well , really , well , maybe the team of stars .
You know how you call a baseball <unk> of <unk> ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's 10 strokes , you get four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last player in the <unk> Major League League of the <unk> <unk> in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to do this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less awkward , after what I 'm telling you today .
Suppose you have <unk> and they 're derivatives to a surgeon who has also a <unk> record .
That does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a place away , and a loved one has two arteries , <unk> <unk> , and his family 's doctor comes to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But do you know something ?
And she 's getting remarkably improving this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think about you that should be the average of a heart or orthopedic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
A , very well .
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in medicine knows a good surgeon , a doctor or a healthcare .
What we do , however , is send them to the world , and I included , with the mandate being perfect .
That never , ever made a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right .
That was the take-home message when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessive student <unk> .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman undergraduate to a blood test .
Maybe .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the <unk> Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned everything from memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the <unk> of every artery that comes out of <unk> , a frequent differential diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify the <unk> <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was very good . I graduated with <unk> .
And I 'm going to stop school school with the impression that if they were all , then it would know everything , or as soon as possible , close to all , because I 'm getting rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met Mrs. <unk> .
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency room where I was working .
At the time , I was assigned to the cardiac service .
And when emergencies I ask for a cardiologist , I was going to attend that patient .
and reporting to the chief of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was <unk> .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gives me a full-time heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump your blood forward , blood goes to lungs , and that 's why there 's a difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on treatment that would give me .
He gave aspirin and medication to relieve pressure in your heart .
I gave him a <unk> , she had water pills , so he could eliminate liquid .
And at an hour or two , she started to feel better .
And I sat very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , and I did what I should have done , which was to call my boss and <unk> him for her to see .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to bring off-the-shelf information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
I probably did n't want to be a resident to get constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact with my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
The send it to his house , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my interior , saying , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that he asked the nurse who was taking care of the <unk> , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think that 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , he signed up , and the ambulance next with the ambulance took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I kept on my job .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was my car to go home . At that moment , I did something I do n't usually normally .
It happened by the emergency room on the road .
And there 's another nurse , not who was taking care of the old lady before , but another one . He told me three words , those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the patients <unk> .
The three words are : Do you remember ?
`` Does it remember the patient who sent her home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well , she came back , '' the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
After an hour of arriving at his house , after I gave him the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance brought them to the emergency room with a <unk> blood pressure of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
Just breathing and blue .
<unk> staff will go through all their resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive care and expected against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was clear that they never <unk> .
It had a irreversible damage .
The family got together together .
And in eight or nine days , they were <unk> to what was happening .
And the ninth day , they left her . The <unk> lady , mother and mother .
They say they never forget the names of those dying .
That was my first experience .
The next couple of weeks , I 'm excited about it , and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't get involved with your colleagues .
You make peace and never more makes that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
<unk> shame that I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was an charm .
I talked to the family and I 'm sure that I would take things out and made sure I did n't get away .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why was he sent to his house ?
And in my worst moments : Why made a mistake so dumb ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little , that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And on one day cloudy , the sky opened , and finally the sun came out , and I wondered if I 'd feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself where if you were to <unk> the efforts to be perfect for you to not make more mistakes , I would ask those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was an assistant on the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto , and I got a <unk> man with a pain on their throat .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I looked into his throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He sent him on penicillin and sent it to his house .
But while he went to the door , he kept pointing out his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my guard shift , my chief asked talk to me in his office .
And I made three words : Does it remember you ?
Do you remember the patient who saw a pain on their throat ?
Well he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had a condition potentially fatal called <unk> .
You can look at it at Google . It 's an infection , not the throat , but it 's from the top air , and that it can cause that close air .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
You 've managed to get antibiotics for it , and they recovered to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I went back to work , until it happened over and over again , and again .
Two times in the same way of an emergency turn , not <unk> <unk> .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were getting 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I do n't think it 's been helpful .
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation .
Order a kidneys , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read the liquid order to go and I asked my colleague , you know it .
I looked at it , and when you get some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , I called the surgeon .
Both were operated on , and they did well .
But every case <unk> me , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as a lot of colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant have been over the last five years .
It 's just embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't get them back and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the little guys telling me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this so that they did n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would come back to a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe me I 'd have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system in which there are two positions : those who make mistakes , and the ones that do n't sleep and those who do n't sleep , and those who have the very good results and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like an ideological reaction , as antibodies that they start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you do n't stop medicine to people who make mistakes , there will be a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a medical research personal study and medical errors to learn how we could , from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto of `` Star <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system in which mistakes happen every day , where one in 10 drugs are in the hospital , they 're wrong , or <unk> is n't right . In a system where the hospital-acquired infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , I die 45,000 Canadian medical errors .
The U.S. Medicine Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is happening every two or three years , and we do n't get away .
<unk> deprivation is happening .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , it comes to me with <unk> eyes and with breath to alcohol , and suddenly , my story would get rid of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't know their symptoms always the same way .
All of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake , well , there 's no one .
And what do people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` <unk> white art , '' it 's a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake , '' I would say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your
And their students were <unk> , <unk> , down the head and <unk> saliva and started telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You can say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined doctor is human , you know human , accept it , and he accepts it , and he does n't eat their mistakes , but he 's trying to learn what happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out the mistakes of other people not with intention of <unk> , but a loving and support and support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make any mistakes in the time .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm human .
And I 'm sorry so much , but I strive to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think of me , but I can live with that .
And let me close with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose a week ?
Recently , I did a survey of 2,000 people , and the average number of choices that says to pick an American , they 're about 70 a day .
Not a lot ago , on a research on a week to a group of presidents of presidents .
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are <unk> by these executives and the time that we 're going to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> works a week .
Now , naturally , every work included lots of <unk> .
Half those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Just 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about their choices .
You know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How do I grade the way they drive those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choosing to the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When you ask a question , like I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please , please take it on .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the options ?
Thank you .
I was a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high level supermarket -- at least in that time was very sophisticated .
He called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water , and this was when we were taking water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but I loved to go to that store , why did n't I buy anything ?
This is the <unk> oil shelf .
They had over 75 different classes , including those who were in a sealed box that came from trees .
Once I decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Is this a strategy of offering all these choices ? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> .
hallway it .
They had <unk> different kinds .
I put a post for <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
So we put it out of six flavors , or about 24 flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what do people were willing to stop to try and try it out ?
More people stopped when there was 24 percent , that when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jelly jar .
Here 's the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
When he stood up when there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times a chance of buying jelly if they were six , that if they found 24 .
Well , deciding that we do n't buy <unk> , it 's probably good for us , but it turns out that the <unk> problem , but it turns out that the problem behind the options affects us in very momentous decisions .
We decided to not decide , even though this is not true .
Now the theme of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans , from about 650 plans in this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of money offers available in retirement savings plans , <unk> program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that there was actually a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two to 59 options .
We found that the bigger the funding number was , the number of funding .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was about 70 percent or more , not as high as they want .
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation went to the 1960s .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger the number of choices , the more people would be <unk> by avoiding the actions or investment funds .
As much as more choices were , they were more willing to invest in market financial account .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we are <unk> to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three key negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is to make the decision , that the <unk> even when this goes against your self-interest .
They 're more likely to take the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less well , even though they 're objectively not better .
The main reason is that we enjoy looking at that huge range of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the math to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition .
I want to give you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , different research , so that they can test in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you choose to cut , get rid of odd redundant options , there will be an increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in the choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of <unk> & <unk> , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Golden Cat eliminated the <unk> products that are less sold , they 've increased profit at 87 percent , by two causes , larger sales and lower costs .
You know that supermarkets , on average , they offer 45,000 products .
In a store for Walmart there 's a 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> and offers just <unk> products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle the best choices is David <unk> 's David <unk> , the Harvard program .
Everybody at Harvard are automatically <unk> to a safe life fund .
The people who really want to choose , they give them 20 money , not 300 or more .
You know , people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those choices .
And if your employees ca n't tell the country , they ca n't make their customers . ''
This evening , before I started this session , I visited with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on a holiday on holiday with all paid the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( <unk> applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the offer .
Are n't they more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who is ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , than in the second one , but I can <unk> and say they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were making it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of choices , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when it uses debit cards or credit and when it uses your debit ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were <unk> to a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we 're saving exactly how I used to , we did a little addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff that would think of the positive things that they would make if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in the affiliations of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in supermarkets , he 's all along the way in the northeast of northeast , the exhibition of magazines can contain from multiple different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because rating tells me how to distinguish them .
These are two exhibitions of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll take on it .
( <unk> applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll take on it .
Well , something else .
Turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This rating scheme is completely useless .
The categories must tell something that you choose , not which defines them .
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funds .
I suppose who are informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think about , if we just fold it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows you to completely <unk> .
You have to take 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each other .
<unk> , outside of the car , I 'm 56 possibilities .
Motor , <unk> , <unk> .
What I 'm going to do is change the order where the decisions are .
So half the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , many choices .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're always the default button in every decision , this indicates you are overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from many choices to few times , put the <unk> button over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to pick .
Even though the choice of the changes box does n't tell you anything about the preferences of inner decoration , in all ways you 're making us choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that we are now getting more engaged with the process .
So to sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choices : <unk> , eliminating strange alternatives -- <unk> , make it real , <unk> , we can handle more categories , <unk> complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've introduced them were designed to help manage the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their own issues , or for people who serve .
So I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you choose .
And the more careful we are in our choices better , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the communist East Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to write to the government .
I had to register a piece of text from the machine written .
And this so that the government could track the origin of texts .
If they were written with the wrong message , you could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , how much this is going to have the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and it prints a page , that page will end up having some yellow print on each page that follow a pattern that makes you own one and your printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to be a lot like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If you look at what 's happening in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their bombers .
There are three main groups .
The cybercriminals .
Like Mr. <unk> <unk> from town in Kiev , in Ukraine .
<unk> phones are very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , <unk> , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , and so on and so on and so on .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media using banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in a infected computer .
The U.S. secret service two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> millions of dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain , <unk> . You know his stop .
And I 'm saying that today is more likely than any of us is a gift victim than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is wrong with worse .
In the future , most of the crime will happen online .
The second group of <unk> in the importance that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves , the protests , motivate the opinions , motivate you to laughter .
<unk> like Anonymous have been <unk> in the last 12 months , occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main extremism : criminals who make it for money , <unk> , like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is a certified authority from the Netherlands or , actually , it was .
<unk> broke the last fall fall from a <unk> .
I 'm going to get the safety of the site , and she took an <unk> .
Last week , I asked , at a meeting with representative of the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders , if you were able to bring the death of people to cause the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die because of an attack on these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What 's certified for them ?
Well , you need a website with <unk> , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except for a foreign authority authority .
And that 's the <unk> certified .
And in the case of <unk> it happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters performed on the headquarters for the <unk> of the Egyptian <unk> in April , 2011 , and during the plunder of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes of a company based on Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept a large scale of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company 's headquarters is right here .
That is , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves .
For example , in Germany just a couple of weeks ago , I found <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a good criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But today it goes further .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
It 's even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to the discussions online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play privacy .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
Now , if we can trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , it will be forever .
Are you blindly devoted to any future government , in a management that we could have in 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern part of National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park of Nairobi .
The National Park of Nairobi has no fences in the most part of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras are freely migrate outside the park .
And predators like lions , and the lions follow , and this is what they do .
We <unk> our cattle .
This is one of the ones that killed at night , and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead , and I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to come in and so we value them so much .
So I grew up looking a lot about lions .
People are warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi .
I think this is so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years old , is responsible for the livestock of his father , and this was the same thing that was happening to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were afraid of .
But I realized that actually it was n't really helpful , because I even helped lions to see the pen away .
I did n't give up . I went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
He was trying to <unk> the lions so they believed that he was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch with the switch on and off the lights .
And this is a little lamp of a flashlight broken .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery provided the electricity to the little <unk> box . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes the lights out .
As you can see , the <unk> go out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how lions see lions when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> the lions to think I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never went back to having trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood houses you heard the idea .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals killed the lions and asked if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've set up in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea also is used by all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to scare elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funds and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that they do n't have , and I teach them how to put them .
So a year ago , it was just a boy on the meadows of the savanna <unk> the cows of my father , and I used to watch airplanes fly , and I was saying it would someday be inside one .
And here I am .
I got the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be a aviation engineer and a pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving cows from my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture what exciting is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA : An electrical fence ?
<unk> : I know that the electric fences were invented , but I want to do mine .
CA : So you know it once , right ? And you know , and you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : <unk> . Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to take it in every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> nothing . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we spent all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned much from the rest of the world , except America , South Korea , Japan are all the enemies .
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry .
But one day in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
And that said , `` When you get this , the five members of the family will stop in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
I was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
At a little time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible I ca n't erase my memory .
A <unk> woman was dead in the street , holding a child <unk> in her arms looking at her mother 's face , and she did nothing .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine fell to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only a few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts , all around me was completely familiar at night except by the sea lights in China , just crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is the limit between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans to secretly crossing .
But many of them die .
Sometimes , I see bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought it would be separate from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life is like as refugee refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but dangerous , because refugee refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare came true , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> me in the police station .
Someone had been accused by being <unk> , so I would get my skills in the Chinese language , and they asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said questions .
At the end of the interrogation , he said to another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they left me . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China search in foreign embassies .
But many people can be arrested by Chinese police and deported .
These women were very lucky .
Although they had caught them , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans were n't so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are captured in China and deported North Korea , where they are tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Though I was lucky to escape , a lot of North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
And even after learning a new language and finding work , everybody can make it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided I risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but within , we 've come to be very different from 67 years of division .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call a pride of mine .
Even though I went to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the university test .
Just when I was starting to go through my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities <unk> some money I sent to my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be displaced by the force to a remote location outside .
They had to run away from immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China , and she walked up to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't talk Chinese , I had to guide them , in some way , for over 3,000 kilometers through China and then across Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and approached by a police officer .
He asked them all , and he started asking questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was getting arrested .
When the Chinese officer came to my family , I managed to stand up and I told him that they were <unk> who was accompanying me .
I looked at me , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way up to the border of Atlantic .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border border in Atlantic .
But even after I passed the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again again in the capital of Atlantic capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything for free to my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison in the middle of the South Korean embassy .
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that moment , or a voice of a man 's voice , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two North Koreans and take them out of prison .
I thank you with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the people . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of <unk> <unk> a new amount of hope for me and for the people that we did when we needed it .
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to achieve their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they went to a new country , they start with little or no money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practical language practices , work practice , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are following in contact with relatives still , and we 're sending information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans all over the world , including the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Asia .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the planners of the city came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Center to represent something more , so they changed it to South Los Angeles , as if this <unk> what 's really wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles . <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Just like <unk> million other Americans live in a food desert , South Central Center , home of food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that food places to get killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I <unk> to see this happen .
And I wonder , what would you feel if you do n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they go home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see fire chairs and sold as a car used .
I see centers of dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I also have tired of driving tired and back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a strip of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what it comes to me in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we got together and started planting our forest of food , trees <unk> , you know , the nine complete vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group to make them made for gardeners of all backgrounds , all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city stuck with me , and in summary , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made order .
And I was saying , `` Come on , really ?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had a story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the Green <unk> members , who put a petition in Auschwitz , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that they supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
The L.A. is the city of the United States with more <unk> land .
It has 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why the hell do n't you look good at this ?
<unk> a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
Put your own food is how to print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South <unk> .
I grew up there . I 'll get my kids out there .
I became part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I was growing my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and plants and trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you let it be their canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witness how my garden became a tool of education , of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , they get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came a mother and his daughter , were like the <unk> of the night and they were in my garden , and I went out and see very <unk> .
I , well , man , I sat down there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this like this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` <unk> , not temes that people go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` For God no , I 'm not afraid to go to steal it . ''
That 's the street .
That 's what it is about .
I want you to take it , but again , I want you to raise your health . ''
There was another time when I put a garden in a shelter for homeless in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , that helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared his stories about how this affected , and how it used to plant with her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
That 's how Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If kids grow <unk> , kids eat <unk> .
If you raise tomatoes , they eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects the mind , and the body , they eat blind what they put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck . I see kids that are in this path designed for them , that it does n't take them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are <unk> from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy brown .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The funny thing about sustainability is you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of the street , take the kids out of the street , that know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening markets of farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
What would you pick them up to take their <unk> ?
That 's your weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want me to see me , I do n't call me sitting in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your <unk> so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days as today , that it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that we 're going to do .
And especially if you go through your bicycle and these cars go through , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like the Netherlands , close to cities , we 'd want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make roads of <unk> asphalt .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most the roads of the Netherlands , it has pores and the water can happen through it , so all the water of rain flow over it , and you 're going to have a road because it 's easy to drive , and you do n't drink water .
Noise also goes out of these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise goes away , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is it can get rid of it .
What is to get rid of ? You see that on this road , the rocks of the surface go out .
First stone , then a lot more and more and more and more and so on , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can hurt her windshield , and you 're not going to be happy with that .
And finally , this can also bring more and more damage .
Sometimes they can create bump into that .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see how the damage comes up in this material .
It 's <unk> asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the open , the ultraviolet light , the <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you <unk> , they 're going to be <unk> and separate from <unk> .
So if you drive through the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material to be <unk> , then we 'll probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the wool of steel in very small chunks , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , that you use for cooking -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you need to do is heat up the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> and the stones will rise back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great machine induction here onstage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , I 'm going to get to see what happened .
This is the show that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples out there and then the government , they actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's very interesting . We have to try . ''
So , we had a piece of road donated , 400 feet from the <unk> freeway , where we had to make a test lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did in there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road lasts for several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab .
We did the age of samples , we put a lot of payload on them , and then we would see it with our induction machine and the <unk> and we went back to test .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've done a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers out , using the energy of induction to actually increase the life of the road , can even double the life of the road , and they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're very curious about it too .
We still have the show here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repairability does .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up a morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio .
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news usually <unk> it .
The Taliban were ! `` The Taliban were ! ''
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A school of truth .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were getting away from Afghanistan , and they did illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was <unk> as a child to join my older sister , who no longer could be alone , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we can both educate ourselves .
Each day , we had a different route that nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books in the market bags to look like we 're shopping .
The school was at a house , over 100 of us stuffed in a little room .
It was nice in the winter , but it was extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we would go through our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
At school , the school would suddenly shut down a week , because the <unk> Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew from us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was so lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan . <unk> in that her daughter , my mother , outside to school , and so his father would <unk> him .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He went down two years ago , just to turn our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first one of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a bigger risk in not to educate their children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember moments that I was very frustrated about our life and was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that always will be with you , what 's here and if you have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do n't you want to not continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I found myself proud to graduate school .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> out of his home by the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to speak .
He 's not just about my college degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 've been driving the streets of Kabul .
My family believed in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one and maybe the only private school school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it is still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to take the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families that , like mine , <unk> for them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went from the way from <unk> to her village , and literally , they escaped out of being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice told you that if I was still sending her daughter to school , they would try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` but it does n't harm the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized is Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the people who <unk> , there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been the key to our success .
In fact , they are often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school are hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I 'm afraid these changes would not last long , after the retirement of American troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who are going to go through them , that animate them , I see a <unk> future and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities infinite , and every day the girls ' girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never come back a revolutionary kind of Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent nearly two years since the <unk> revolution broke out of <unk> , so much of the Tunisian revolution like Egyptian .
A forces with a lot of other <unk> citizens , inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the edge , pushing the fall of the regime , carrying freedom accountability , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to be shared with the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy charge , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society .
Realizing about the devastation and the challenges , I loved , along with many other women , rebuild civil society <unk> , pushing a inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , roughly 300 to <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about development development and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the Women 's Women 's Women <unk> , a movement of women , leaders , of a very diverse orientation to advocate for the <unk> range of women and for our right of participation in the construction of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> of the selfish policies of dominance and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , gradually the exhilaration and the revolution like a whole , were disappearing ; every day we found news from violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the U.N. 's assassination of officers .
And every day , each day , we woke up with the militias of the militias and their <unk> violations of men 's rights and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , by a revolutionary mindset , <unk> more , and it 's gone away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
<unk> , exclusion , and vengeance became the icons of the revolution .
I 'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of the `` <unk> list '' and elections .
Rather , I 'm here to say that we , as a nation , we choose wrong , we made the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize .
Because elections did n't bring peace , stability and security to Libya .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> between candidates and candidate brought peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society with polarized and dominated policies of domination and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps the missing missing was not only women , but the women values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than the election that elections needed , which just <unk> the polarization and division .
Our nation needs <unk> 's representation of the other people who need the numerical representation and quantitative representation .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a feminine speech , not only <unk> , but it also puts the mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , torn apart by the war , desperately desperately with the end of reaching peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with the interrelationship and <unk> between women 's perspectives and male friendships .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- the peace -- `` it is the word of God merciful , <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , it has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> of all the humanity that men and women , from all of the tribes that men and women , from which all tribes and all the people have <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus cover the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is affecting all of the existence .
That 's what it says , `` My mercy takes all things . ''
So it says , `` My mercy is prevalent in my anger . ''
That everybody is getting rid of the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has a equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is everybody 's always : Why is it left ?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who sticks ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had had <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and editor at <unk> .
I had my first apartment , my first green <unk> American <unk> , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my soul twin , was going on to my head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , when I loved anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love with love , where every year , millions of women fall , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at Harvard Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 companies , between them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been about 20 years ago with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> and lead a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all races , all of the race , all of the religion , all income and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks the domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent , <unk> relationships , or saying otherwise , in the families , the last place we would like , or expect to find violence ; because of which , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who sticks , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women of 16 and 24 years old are three times as likely to be victims of domestic violence victims than the ages of other ages , and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold , November night of January .
I was sitting next to me in the subway in New York City , and she started <unk> with me .
He told me two things .
The first was that he also had a <unk> of a <unk> university , and he was working at a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed a guy in the field .
He had a lot of <unk> to apples , and a <unk> hair wheat , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was creating the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it mostly on a pedestal .
We started coming out and loved everything from me , that I had gone to Harvard , who would put passion in helping girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And it was why the bachelor in that Big school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is <unk> and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought I had to do the sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that he was falling into a crazy love , and he was entering a head of physical , financial , psychological , psychological , psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And this is where these guns go in .
So , as long as we moved to New England , you know , that site where you 're supposed to be so safe to feel so safe bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another guy kept dumped under the pillow in our bed and the third time in his pocket .
And he said that he needed these guns to cause the trauma to have a small one .
He needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me , and , even though I had never raised my hand , my life was already serious , every minute of every day .
The first <unk> <unk> attack happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises from my neck had disappeared , I put my wedding suit from my mother and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we would live happily forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very sorry .
There was simply very overwhelmed by the wedding , and by the fact that they form a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident and never more harm .
I spent two times more on our honey moon .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach , and I lost myself , and he gave me so strong in the head that I would take several times the car window .
And then a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , <unk> by the traffic and threw a Big Mac on the face .
<unk> went on to <unk> one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I wondered when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control reports that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
So back to my question , `` Why did I stay ? ''
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help her face their demons .
The other question everybody does is , why do n't we just move ?
Why was n't I ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and agonizing question that people , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killing in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim , after getting away , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has gone back to be married , futures of financial resources , and manipulation of the family justice system to <unk> the victim and to their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time with not the man who would <unk> their mother .
And we 're still asking for why you just do n't go ?
I was able to go , because of one last beat beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he had allowed it .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody , the police , to my neighbors , to my friends and family , all my friends , and I 'm here today because you all have helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as scary headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims of it intentionally in love with men who want to <unk> .
But since I posted `` <unk> love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , they learned an indicator of what happened to them , and that they <unk> their lives joyful lives and happy lives like servants and wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor .
I became married with a guy tender and nice , and we have those three children .
I have this black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm going to do is not ever ever have any more , it 's a <unk> gun to my head of someone who says he wants me .
Right now , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid it was ! ''
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now , that they 're being abused , or they 're in small , they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , their sister , to their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my final request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> thrive only in silence .
They have the power to stop domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with your kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They <unk> their view of survivors as fantastic , lovely people , who have a full future .
<unk> the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe way .
Together we can convert our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for about 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dressed in this room , luckily , I 've brought in clothes to <unk> .
This is the first change of clothes on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky , I think .
If some of the women <unk> when I come up , they do n't have to tell me , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about myself in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is going to go through this sweater , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything while I cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but they 're also shallow .
I 've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I 'd never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer would tell me that he <unk> the back and the hair of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery , or an artificial <unk> , like the one that I made two days ago for the work , there 's very little days for the work , which , although shallow and unchanging and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means being honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my working sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always make me , but a sincere way .
The first question is , how is it going to be model ?
And I always say , `` One <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I asked myself is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the <unk> of an inheritance , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we also have it associated with a high and <unk> figure , and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've been able to take to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience that are now shown to be skeptical , and maybe there are some of them who are <unk> who say -- `` Wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wn .
First of all , the <unk> for knowing so much models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York said every single one of the models on the runway , and from the <unk> models , just 27 , that is , less than four percent , not white .
The next question that people always do is , can it be a model when it 's older ?
And my first answer is , I do n't know , I do n't care about that .
But then , what I would actually tell you to each one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> , <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you 're the first .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Yes my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of the American journal magazine or the executive director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be a model that you want to win the lottery when you 're greater .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike surgery surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies already , and you have a rsum and some jobs on your back , no matter what you say , is to say , if you said that you want to be president of the United States , but you say , `` Model of underwear within 10 years , people would look at you weird . ''
The next question that people will always make me is if all the photos would be <unk> .
And yes , you know , you know , you know , all the pictures , but that 's just a little bit of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal terrain , but it was a little girl .
That 's how I looked at my grandmother a few months earlier .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajama party days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and I saw the magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
These are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is : Do you get free things ?
I have too many <unk> heels and I would never use , except the privilege I get , but the privileges I get in real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up at Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to bring money , and they gave me my dress for free .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver ; he jumped a red light , and , of course , we stood up , and it took a sorry , an agent in order to keep driving .
I 'm a sense of the privilege of privilege for me , not because of what I am . And there are people who are paying for a price , regardless of who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenage <unk> to those who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino men , and most of them were young men .
And there are only <unk> black and Latino men in New York , so it 's not a question of <unk> me ?
It 's how many times <unk> me ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I found out that to the 53 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States , they do n't like their body , and that figure rises to 78 percent to 17 percent .
So , the last question people ask me is : How is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 'll be very happy and so beautiful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing to work with creative and creative people .
And that 's true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what I never say in front of the cameras , which I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I am because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you 've ever asked , `` With some more thin legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ? ''
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair , and the more they clothes , but probably it is physically <unk> of the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender , when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something to retain from this talk , I hope that everyone will feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures , and I was n't me who pulled it up .
There were no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum at the lighting .
In fact , most people take random tourists .
My story begins when I was meeting in New York City to give a lecture , my wife dragged me this photo holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
So , he happened to go back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When I came up with my daughter 's third birthday , my wife told me , `` Why do n't you take you to New York on a <unk> trip and you continue the ritual ? ''
This is when we started to ask the tourists that were going to take us to get the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and fortunately , no one has never fallen with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much life is going to change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture was a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter , what had happened that day a little girl in five years I could understand it .
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific trip .
It 's also a way to stop the time in October week and make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , not just a physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches a new milestones , and I can see life through their eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking around , when suddenly it was stopped , and pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls store that I loved small in the previous visits .
And he described what I had felt at five years old at that same place .
<unk> that remembered his heart of <unk> , and I 'll see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because I 'm determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So , I want to share the idea of engaging in conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family photos .
I 'm always the one who gets the picture .
Now , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you 're not going to get closer to somebody and ask them : Do you get a picture ?
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits found themselves in the most threatened bird .
First of all , why do you have so bad press ?
There 's also been associated with Disney laughs , as <unk> , dumb , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the news , you 've been following laughter and applause and <unk> these are the attributes that they associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment ; <unk> are not helping the spread of disease .
They hardly be monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There are the rabbits of the New World members who are mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the former World Cup , where we have 16 species . Of these 16 , 11 , who have a high risk of extinction .
So , why are rabbits important ? First of all , they provide vital green services . <unk> them .
They are our gatherers of natural waste .
Let 's get the carcasses up to the bone .
They help kill all of the bacteria . They help to absorb the anthrax that they would not be for them would stretch and cause big losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no rabbits , the carcasses take three to four times more time in broken , and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
<unk> also have huge importance .
They 've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity symbol and , along with the king cobra , the unit between the Stop and below Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the <unk> of 10 heads <unk> .
In <unk> culture , they 're very important to open sky burials , in places like Tibet , there is no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so that these rabbits provide a system of natural disposal .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , of which six are at the endangered extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , rabbits are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are in the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it 's going to be <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey on cattle of livestock that 's been treated with a drug <unk> like the <unk> .
This drug has been banned by <unk> in India and have taken a position .
Because there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the streets in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time bomb , the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds , and they cut them in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there is a horrible rabbits of rabbits , dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's going to do ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine the basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so you can focus on a problem locally , not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can they help ? They can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and you tell you , you have to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and you get your time to spread the word . <unk> the word .
When you go out of this room , they 'll report to them about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw it fly without effort , no energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- it 's been <unk> for seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , I was young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , in the 21st , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we played on the <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where we just decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So we got with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach the local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and <unk> .
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they were <unk> to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come . We were astonished that local people , in such fertile valley , had not had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we had nothing , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` right , time to save people from Zambia of famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was beautifully grew .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato <unk> in this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them to the <unk> , `` Look at what agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red ones , overnight , 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yeah , so we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say it ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we only make Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans were doing , what the English would do , what the French did , and then to see what the French were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
You can see the waste -- we 'll see the waste -- we 'll see the waste that <unk> people from Africa .
You want to read a book , I read `` <unk> '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
Do n't tell you about harm that money has caused .
They just read their book .
<unk> from part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Our Westerners are imperialists , missionaries <unk> , and we treat people just two ways : or <unk> , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin `` <unk> , '' meaning `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I treat any of a different culture as if it 's my children . `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture , like my servants .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that is not <unk> ? ''
I decided for 27 years to just respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> , where you never start anything , you will never start anything , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of the locals who have the dream to become a better person .
So what do you do ? They 're <unk> .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with people in the locality .
We do n't work from the offices .
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting into a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
<unk> will never take off , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what you want to do with their own money , which opportunity they have identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest person in your community , you do n't even know , because they do n't take their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work on one , and we work face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family 's doctor , the business physician in the business , who sets up with you at home , on the table of their kitchen , in coffee , and it helps to find the resources to transform his passion in a way to make a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this patronizing trash that we got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very hard .
I shut up and listened to them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We have helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before getting involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company . ''
<unk> is a kiss of death of the corporate spirit .
So now , you 're <unk> rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to conversation with you .
You have to offer you for yourself , privacy , you have to be fantastic to help you , and then they 're going to be <unk> , they 'll come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What 's you to show you more about this morning ?
<unk> local people . That 's what you have <unk> .
So , what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution , fossil <unk> fossils , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The engine of internal combustion is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how <unk> , cure , educate , we educate , we communicate to seven billion people in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? The universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that 's in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the <unk> year .
And in the <unk> year , he got together this group of people , and they <unk> about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and <unk> , if the population stays growing at this rate , to move the population from New York to the surroundings , <unk> six million horses , and dung produced by six million horses , it would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung . So , in <unk> , they were <unk> this dirty technology that we 're going to do with New York City .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in America , <unk> <unk> companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely <unk> , and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
<unk> , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer you to you .
Otherwise , wo n't come to talk to you .
Then you have to offer you absolute , dedicated , supportive service .
And then , later , you 'll have to tell you the truth about it to start .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three things <unk> : the product you want to sell is to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a wonderful financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can do , selling and looking for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at the research and looked at the 100 <unk> companies from Carnegie , renewables , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : no one was started by one person .
Never the word `` I , '' but the word `` we , '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
No one starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee shops , in bars , along with their devoted comrades who will do for you , what someone did by this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who 's going to ask you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you be selling money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like you to find someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange much knowledge despite the sharing of the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do you share more memories of our <unk> buildings and understand better than our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes for empty shops so that our communities can reflect on our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> , <unk> of <unk> , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's a parade in the music . There 's a parade in New Orleans , and the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most <unk> properties of America .
I live around this house and I thought about how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
I was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this caused me a deep gratitude for the lived time .
He gave it clarity to the significant things about my current life .
But let me try to keep this look in my everyday life .
I think it 's easy to be catching up a day , and to forget what 's really important for you .
So with the help of old and new friends , he transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant slate , and he painted on her phrases to complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So , Palestinians could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was full and kept <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit down on the line of date change . ''
Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before we die , I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die I want to <unk> again . ''
`` Before I die I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hopes for people made me laugh loud , <unk> me , and they got comfort in moments .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about supporting the reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
That 's why with my colleagues in the middle of civic center , we made a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if you give us an opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relationships with other people .
In our era of <unk> <unk> , it 's more important than ever , to find ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that are becoming more power .
So if you think about death , we think of life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more means to share hopes , fears and stories , the people around us can not only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 years old , and it 's very handsome .
It does n't talk about , but it brings joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It 's shared honestly what 's going on .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look the color of the skin .
They do n't care about religious differences , and notice this : never lied .
When singing songs of our childhood , trying to speak to the words that I do n't even remember myself , I remember one thing : how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 years old . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
He has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year when each of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , <unk> in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Does n't you find it amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what it propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though they would n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : they were extraordinary -- they were extraordinary and autistic .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from that way to be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes is diagnosed a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the disorders of the development that we faster in the world , there is no cause , no known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new one in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested at me at all .
He was living and used in his own world , with their own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in row around the room , stare at the washing machine and eat anything that would be in between .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences became more apparent .
But beyond <unk> , frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , pure nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being that I 'd never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult moments in my family , moments where I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that I would n't want to change for normal .
normality is by the beauty that gives us differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that any of you are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what it is right .
If I could gather one thing to <unk> and Sam and to you , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the latest sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change die at the time where we 're trying to be like others .
Please , do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what has been to be Alice in the Wonders of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , to give a kind of communication to graduate students .
I was scared . I was really afraid , and I was able to get out of these students with their great minds , their great books and their big , unknown words .
But when those talks developed , I felt what Alice had had felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I felt when I had those conversations with students , and I was surprised by ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are those who are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know about this , work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers do n't invite us to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and your engineering is attractive .
First question to <unk> : And then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat morality .
And when they 're describing their science , care with jargon .
<unk> is a barrier to our understanding of his ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary time , '' but why do n't they say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as making them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate with its science without engaging ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're sort of to hook and <unk> with their content .
And by presenting their work , forget about the signs of `` bullet . ''
You 've wondered why they 're called `` bullets , '' what do the bullets do ? The bullets kill , and they 're going to kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's supported too much in the language of our brain and we 're going to attract us .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that they really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible sentence , that the public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then we 'll provide graphics that we can plug in our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what 's described .
I think these are just some keys that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders of science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you have solved this equation , all the media , <unk> them with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from the entire Oxford English OED is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` politician dishonest . ''
Although there was a <unk> editor in the 19th century , which defined a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that he 's got a public charge no matter , platform or principle , and that , when he wins , he gets it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the unusual name of <unk> <unk> , who was faced with Parliament .
They put her in the Tower of London and stood , but he had the enough courage to face them , and eventually he had this popular support in London I won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase `` <unk> <unk> . ''
Most of you think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you really how the words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all sorts of suggestions that they might have <unk> .
Some people wanted to call it `` chief State chief , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and other `` <unk> '' from the U.S. People , Washington . ''
No attractive .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was proved .
And it was n't even <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a given term .
And there might be served .
All the world got tired , because this debate would be taken over for three weeks .
I read the poor Senator , and I always wrote , `` I still have this subject . ''
Which caused the delay , and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives is against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King if I was giving him to him or his successor to him .
So , they wanted to give the title , the most humble , and the <unk> , they came up with it .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title , but it just meant `` somebody who <unk> a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> and fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate went in .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who will take it seriously with a title and insignificant in the U.S. ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did not leave .
We can learn three interesting things about all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been done by the president 's title .
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible for us to keep waiting for years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and this is what I want to leave you with is that the President 's title of the United States does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more nuclear warheads at disposal , the largest economy of the world and a fleet of <unk> air vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story have been drawn to the title of <unk> .
So at the end I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness , well , it was a uniqueness .
But , you know how many nations do you now have president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on .
So , at the end of the Senate , the Senate won , and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you say they 're the President of America .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but really , reality changes much more words than these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to underground in an illegal mine in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is <unk> and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones were <unk> with primitive tools .
Like each other , I 've been wearing a cheap lantern of light , and he supports the head with this elastic elastic , and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole in a subway hole that falls hundreds of meters on the ground .
And I got my hand out and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and <unk> and <unk> meters in that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are on the deep hole in that hole , their lives without paying and reward , and often dying .
I went out of that hole and I went home , but they probably never will , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents and , in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> in Vancouver 's Vancouver .
And among all the amazing people I met there , I met an <unk> of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that is dedicated to eradicating modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and , really , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not just a degree .
When we finished talking to me , I felt really bad , I was honestly going to ignore this atrocity of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a stomach knot , and weeks later , I flew in Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> and offer my help .
That 's how my journey began to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had already been in many of these sites .
Some of them even considered them my second home .
But this time , we were looking at dirty dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are currently 27 billion people in the world .
It 's twice as much of the displaced Africans during the whole course of slave slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a <unk> farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of a $ 50,000 dollars today .
However , today , you can make whole families for generations for $ 18 debt .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profits from over $ 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been fooled with false promises and best work to find that they are forced to work without paying , under the threat of violence and they ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slave goods have value , but they produce them are disposable goods .
<unk> exists in most of the world , and yet it 's illegal all around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or Dante a.m .
We 're going to run on a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped up in a heavy <unk> <unk> stack in their heads , to 18 at the time , and they take them from the <unk> hot blast trucks .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness , and they work in silence , doing this task over and over again for 16 17 hours a day .
There was no little breaks to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made it to pee on was quite inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to go and get it to be there , and sitting there , I thought , `` My camera gets a treatment much better treatment than these people .
Back in the oven , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained very clearly that to prove emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not citizenship in that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work inside the system for his release and trusted .
As long as I was , I waited to get home to feel my heart ravaged .
In the Himalayas , I found children hauling rocks for miles through mountain grounds to trucks that they were waiting down .
Those big the big things were heavier than the kids that charge and the kids hold them off their heads with <unk> <unk> , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious , but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> because this has been this whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned their homes .
When you hear the word slavery often we think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had been before sex .
I took me on a <unk> stairs that were given to this dirty basement , dim light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was more a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local prostitution for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the slaves are <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- they 're forced to entertain the customers and they were forced to buy more food and alcohol .
Each place is dark and dirty , identified by a <unk> number on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their own customers .
At the dusk , I remember making sense a <unk> fear , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what it must be caught up in that hell .
I just had an exit : the stairs where I walked into .
There was no back doors .
There were no windows enough to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we touch a topic that 's so difficult , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens all around us .
There are hundreds of <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles are another activity that often relate to the labor of slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
<unk> hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk on the liquid to the elbows , but that <unk> is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , though , be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children are put in the lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we got , I went to a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense of it ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their families being killed , missing and forced to work very extensive in these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This child has eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , she was shivering ; that his little canoe is <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling the water .
The <unk> branches of trees plunged into Lake Volta often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , they were thrown into the water to unlock the branches .
Many are drowned .
It 's always been forced to work on the lake .
For fear of his love , it 's not going to run away and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> treated the youngest slaves under her command .
I met these guys at five in the morning , when they woke up the last networks , but they 'd been working on the last few networks .
On the cold night and <unk> .
And it 's going to point out that these networks are weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> was <unk> to the victims of slavery .
Kofi Annan symbolizes how possible .
Who will come to be because someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
He <unk> on a road in Ghana with <unk> with <unk> the <unk> , a partner <unk> with his motorbike suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to push it on a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were going to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then pointed out this pathway just visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we took away the <unk> that went down the way , and after walking around an hour , we found that the path was <unk> by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of the photos on my head , as they <unk> in these waters .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> road ended abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of workers enslaved .
A lot of women had children tied to their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walk in <unk> water .
<unk> is used in the extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were <unk> in their own sweat .
I remember watching his eyes tired , <unk> , because many of them had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> have to be 90 feet , and these people carry heavy loads of stone bags that then they 'll be shipped back to another area where they <unk> the stone in order to extract the gold .
To the first view , the site seems to be full of strong men and <unk> , but if you look closer , close to the margin , we see to work at some other less lucky and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this <unk> is going to end up like this victim of tuberculosis and of <unk> by mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , his uncle was brought to work with him in mines .
When his uncle died , he <unk> the debt of the uncle who force the force to be a slave in mines .
When I met him , he had worked in the 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that the doctors said it should be <unk> .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Still , he 's dream of being liberated and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of purpose , a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we knew that we would be testimony to them and we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I really think that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They 're from people , real people , like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that happens that I do n't think about these many beautiful people , battered , that I 've had the great honor to know .
I hope that these images show up a force in which you see , in people like you , and I hope that that force turns out a fire , and that <unk> fire on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math applied , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom he does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'll try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were getting the <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demand a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of skill , and probably some basic competence that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease would destroy gradually , the extraordinary skill , as it does with my friend Jan <unk> , who , in his time , was a <unk> dancer .
Over the last few years has been progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we will know if there 's really a cure is going to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement , no biological markers , so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological exam test .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of the clinical trials , they never do .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could make the test themselves ?
You do n't need any personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to give you to you as a kind of conventional way to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> like my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds like speaking , and we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes needed . The <unk> , for example .
And , like the ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
At the bottom plot , you can see a <unk> sample of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these <unk> exams with these specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
<unk> test is no invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Well , but also <unk> tests in voice are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds like a lot .
They 're very low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost so low , they appear on a massive scale .
These are some amazing lists to tackle .
We can reduce the <unk> difficulties from patients .
You do n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> visit .
With high monitoring , we could get a goals .
We could make a massive , low cost of clinical trials for clinical trials , for the first time , <unk> doable .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first <unk> of the disease before it 's too late .
So , by giving you the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's disease .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have local local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Any , with Parkinson 's or without Parkinson 's , it can call low price and leave them for a pennies , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , can you say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What 's going on is that during the call , you have to indicate if you have no disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not touch it . You may not get it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of <unk> data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking at <unk> the confusion of confusion in search of real markers of the disease .
TR : They have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done fantastic work , and now he has shown that it works on mobile phone network also , what we 're going to do is , we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , I made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray .
We hide in the dark , in no windows and , usually , we avoid sunlight .
We make computer models even more thin skin , the perfect skin even more perfect , we do the impossible , we can and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of expertise and a real taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my home , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
So short time , an organization where he was voluntary , there was a volunteer site , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishing town located in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
On the area of the recorded water , it reached over 24 feet tall , and over three miles in the ground .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We got rubble from the channels and the ditches .
We took away schools . We took the slime , and we leave the lists to be <unk> and <unk> .
We removed tons and tons of fish dead , smelly , rotten factory rotten .
We <unk> and loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers and the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and <unk> pictures and cameras and card boards .
Everybody did the same .
<unk> and take them to different places of the peoples around them to <unk> .
It was n't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While they were fleeing , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a center of the town .
It helped clean up the mainstream bathrooms , huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village , where the center of being picked up the photos .
And I had the honor of that day , and I had the honor of that day to <unk> me to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I moved through my horizons that something happened .
When I looked at the pictures , I found some that had more than a hundred years some were still in the lab , I could n't help to think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started making the pictures .
This was the first one of all .
It was n't too <unk> , but where the water had <unk> the face of the girl , it had to be cleaned up with much precision and so .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as you have the <unk> picture .
And over the time , they arrived for a little bit of photos , and they took more <unk> , so I went back on Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
After two weeks , I had 150 people to get together .
In Japan , in July , we joined <unk> , a neighboring town to the north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the photographic photographic libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it took in <unk> is a different story , depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . I could conduct weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw virtually by hand using <unk> areas which color and detail had no destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all of these pictures of salt water , covered by bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of that , along with the time time , continue to <unk> , that 's why they were holding hand up was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been <unk> by his own owner .
We had luck with the cleaning up .
We have the guidance of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm even more the photos even more .
As he said once <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought these pictures was lucky to the photos .
He had begun to <unk> her , but she stopped realizing that the damage even more .
It also had <unk> .
Without them , the pictures of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to <unk> the images in a single picture and make a picture of the full picture .
When I picked up his pictures , they shared some of his story with us .
A few colleagues in his husband found the photos on a fire station between the rubble quite far from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues were <unk> .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water as the Sirens will sound .
Their young kids , not so small now , but their two kids were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
He took a week to find all his family and knowing that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her her younger son to be 14 years old .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to looking , something that could remember from the past day that would have been beaten at the March of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined there , <unk> hundreds of them were helped to clean up by <unk> photographs , most of them -- the great majority of them came back to their own owners .
Over 500 volunteers around the world , they helped us bring back to 90 families from completely <unk> and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 and materials , most of the ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , somebody loved one .
They 're <unk> of our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing we would go and look for .
This was what the project was about , to restore small pieces of humanity , from bringing someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a huge difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected them with something larger , to give back something , using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin computer models .
To finish I would like to read this email , I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
As I <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the imagery .
One in particular , a picture with women from different ages , from the grandmother to the small child , gathered around a baby , I was moved , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , I and my newborn daughter hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , all the few basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc , Doc , inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition just a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and seeing the world not a million or a billion frames per second .
So I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> , a new technique that can create videos in slow motion in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see in the corners , beyond the line of vision , or seeing the inside of the body without using X-ray , and they really challenge the camera idea .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it back and turn it off on a second , or it 's in several <unk> to create a <unk> photons of just a millimeter wide size .
And that photons pack , that bullet , travel to the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we took that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle , how do these photons spread inside this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this is actually happening in less than a <unk> is what it takes for the light to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower , so that you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola is not <unk> this research , and so many things in this film , and I 'm going to show this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a pack of photons that start <unk> and that , within , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light is off , it goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of air that bounces inside the inside .
In that time , the waves travel through the table , and because of the reflections of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that insights are concentrated .
Now , if we took a ordinary , current bullet and we make it run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much do you think that would take us to sit down to see that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film to a slow bullet in motion .
And how about to test with dead nature ?
You can see the ripples of the table , the tomato and the wall of the background .
It 's like throwing a rock on a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , I thought , a <unk> at the same time , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It 's not <unk> .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe , and light bounces inside the inside and it becomes after several <unk> <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phone , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a picture at a low exhibition , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure , so I 'll just get into some light .
We sent that bullet , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very cleverly and again with a very cleverly data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data and <unk> data in a very interesting way .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see in the corner ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . <unk> , going into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could get those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature <unk> .
And a tiny fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , at a slightly different time .
And as we have a camera that works fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It 's got very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and also even the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point corresponds to what extent .
When you project a laser , you can record a raw picture , which , you see on the screen , really does n't make any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , tens of images , we 're going to get them together and we 're going to try to analyze the multiple bounces of light , and then you can see the hidden object ?
Can we see in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before you get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that <unk> collisions with what 's going to turn around the curve .
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions , looking at light reflected by open windows .
Or we could build <unk> capable of looking at the inside of the body , through <unk> , and the same thing for the <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so actually this is an order to scientists for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new array of visualization to solve the problems of <unk> imaging .
Just like Doc <unk> , he himself a scientist , it became art in art , an art of photographs <unk> .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific views , but we can see that we can .
So create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about a second .
But here 's a little bit of fun here .
If you look at the waves under the cover , you 're going to get away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . Einstein would have delighted to see this image .
The order that the events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera .
Now , we 're going to take a corresponding framework of space and time , we can fix this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , they can <unk> a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , put it up to <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 in the city in Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathering that they 're looking for a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who in the audience have a cell phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Most of you today have a mobile phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , my mobile phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 lines of information .
<unk> data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . I introduced a directive .
The <unk> of data <unk> .
This directive says that every European phone company , every single Internet provider , has to store a whole range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who 's sent to a text .
And if we use mobile , where we are .
This whole information is stored at at least six months , and to two years , in your phone company or your Internet provider .
And all over Europe , people stood in and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age and we do n't want the phone to the Internet providers , stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret policeman of Eastern Germany .
And I also asked if this really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
So every time you use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who was at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , and please <unk> me all the information that I had about me .
I asked them once , and I got them back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're <unk> my life .
So I decided to take a lawsuit because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
At the end , you have an agreement .
They would get the demand , and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and 5,000 <unk> , 30 lines of information .
At first I saw it , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I walk the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a six months of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom out , go back and go back .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> on the train , and how often I call the path .
This is all possible with this information .
That gives a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talked a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called each other .
And then you call each other , and the other one , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how people communicate to each other to what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who submit an email who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is recorded at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at first , imagine if all these people on the Berlin streets , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who I was in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall might never have happened .
And as a result , neither of the <unk> <unk> .
Because the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and out of the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends , privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not fashionable .
When you go home , tell their representative representative , tell them that just because businesses and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store you .
So in the future , every time you use your cell phones that you 're going to have to fight for the self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me to the world .
I 'm going to take my mom six times in six different directions , and I 'm going to go to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'll hold it all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad <unk> .
<unk> C is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> ca n't contract .
No one <unk> the mother of my mother and not the <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It just happens by accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they 've got to be disabled .
Let 's walk .
<unk> Christmas , they 're in the shopping center , they 're driving in circles and what you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little bit of disabled ? ''
In addition , I 'm telling you , I 've got 99 problems , and the P. C is just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , disabled , disabled , New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in `` you ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can . You can dance . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned up , I wiped .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents went to the school system , and I would argue that I would also be , and if we did n't take out all the most of the most of the most of it all over the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me to walk at the age of five to putting my toes in his feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me , so I 'll get it to him .
The <unk> I 'm wearing was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion that had gotten many strokes .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate Muslims as a campaign slogan .
The people I grew up with do n't have problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot like that he died of starvation during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so fast at dawn at dusk is very easy .
I ran on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't pay for physical therapy , so I sent to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were using heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend a summer break on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid , if we do n't go back to Palestine , every summers , we 'd come to Madonna .
On the summer vacation often my father was trying to <unk> , so I would drinking milk from deer , and they put me hot cups in the Dead Sea , and I remember in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water burning the eyes and I thought , `` It works , it works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga .
I must say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a comedian that could n't stand up [ booth ] .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents would come up with this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the <unk> Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship to <unk> , University of Arizona , because I went in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> house of the theater department .
Everyone loved me .
I did all the least smart tasks , I took the ultimate note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I was doing a scene of the crystal zoo my professors <unk> .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a piece called dance very slow in Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` Eventually , I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
At the end ! <unk> !
Thank God all-powerful , at the end , I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him to <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> the head of the theater department , crying , historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , to ask him why and she told me that because they thought I could n't do the stunts stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role that I literally had been born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
The university was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> actors with without disability roles .
As I graduated home , I went home , and my first <unk> tour was an extra <unk> in a <unk> .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` <unk> '' to `` <unk> friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , it did n't look more than the back , and it was clear to me that the <unk> directors do n't provide <unk> actors , no white , with disability .
It 's only <unk> people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> <unk> , Roseanne <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had a common thing : comedians .
That 's why I did myself .
In my first tour , I tour famous <unk> from New Jersey to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comical that led when she landed on high speed by the New Jersey freeway with a driver that had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also Arabic in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and <unk> .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little buzz that says that women are not fun , and they find very fun .
In 2003 , my mother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> <unk> of New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and at once you remind the directors of <unk> that <unk> and Arabic are not <unk> .
The Arabs were much easier than fighting the stigma skills of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I went as invited to the news news program on the back with Keith <unk> .
I walked in as if it was to a graduation dance , I was going to get a studio and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So I clung to the <unk> 's desk , so I was clinging to the screen over the size of the size , and when I finished the interview , it was blood .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't come up with me .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to inviting me , but I was like the full-time participant and hit my chair .
Something that I learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or a little older .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became a fun object .
You see clips online with comments like , `` Why are we <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We should really pray for it . ''
A reviewer suggested even that I would add my rsum to my resume , writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
<unk> is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make <unk> , then you can not make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- yeah , clap , man . Come on .
<unk> are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors said no walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would have less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
We still need the whole society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Pope .
<unk> the world <unk> `` Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was <unk> by the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` <unk> ' children , '' a charity to give the children a refugee children a tiniest fraction of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live in , and I do this talk to his memory .
It 's rest of peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a kid in a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know their story .
He lives in a small village to <unk> .
This town is near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small people to poverty and at the edge of starvation .
Without it up there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , there 's no job whatsoever .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a <unk> year , nothing .
One day you read about a guy who offers him to take him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives you a break .
It gets a little money to buy new clothes , money to send home , their family .
They show a young man .
Finally , it 's home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a bomb car .
That child from that small village in the greatest city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a small village in a village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing that took him out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And their story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young people who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond a waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , for jobs , of well-being , but young people are not involved in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities are going to be under 18 years .
If we do n't provide young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't provide opportunities , the history of the waiting period , the door to terrorism , to the gangs , to be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young men is unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , not going to school .
They 're not doing virtually anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember going to be in front of that hospital <unk> thinking , and if I would never have gone ?
And if I 'd been forced to be in that same `` waiting period '' ?
Would I have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house a few juvenile leaders in a corporate summit .
They <unk> about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had brainstorming about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went at the University of <unk> , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , that because he was a graduate student , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white lady for al Shabaab and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach from point A to B are the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and seized .
It started a motorcycles company .
He started <unk> motorcycles of local residents who normally could n't get 'em .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point expand to hundreds of motorbikes for the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this story do different ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I think the entrepreneurial spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period .
<unk> young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities they 're looking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a florist .
I was helping me train some of the young people at the top of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first florist that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were <unk> out of plastic from abroad .
If you give someone , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a <unk> and floral design company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started to grow <unk> and <unk> , which he said , could survive the <unk> climate of <unk> .
And he started the delivery of flowers to wedding , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working in the creation of the first public park in <unk> in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he does n't raise pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
<unk> to believe that they might be entrepreneurs , who might be aware of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
We 've got business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and create a culture of corporate spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas true .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them into the development and set of business .
<unk> young people with the resources that they need , they need the support that need to go from conception to creation , and create catalysts for urban growth .
For me , the entrepreneurial spirit is something more to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Peace Park , this is how it 's called , when it 's created , to transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired the street kids to help rent out and keep the motorcycles for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to turn young people into entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they 'll have more stories about flowers and Parks of Peace than <unk> and <unk> .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the path we were still , we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful <unk> lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed had just a dump , about four feet square with apple <unk> <unk> balls of aluminum paper .
And I was choked up , he was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy to take out what they had brought out , who thought they were going to clean up their trash ?
That question went on with me , and it turns a little bit .
Who clean our trash ?
Do n't matter how to organize it or where put in our , who cleans our trash , who cleans our trash .
Who cleans our trash in Rio or Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> <unk> our trash , which is about 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of waste products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who 's doing that work .
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their routes and interviewed people in office and installations across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go further .
So I started working like garbage trash .
Now I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did the ones .
And it was operating the mechanical <unk> and it ran the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about the smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used to it very quickly .
It costs much used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were still <unk> the weight of taking their body out of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of <unk> Statistics , the waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and moving into traffic all day , and they pass gears around you .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the trash is also full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of the trash .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
He never leaves coming .
It 's also like a breathing form or circulation .
It must always be moving .
And there is also the stigma .
I think the stigma is especially ironic , because I think strongly that the origins of waste are the most important piece of labor in the city streets , for three reasons .
They 're the first protective protection .
If you do n't get rid of the waste and effective and effective and effective , every day , this starts <unk> of their containers and their peril inherent to us in very real ways .
Disease that we had for decades and centuries come back to sprout and start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have a space for what the motors in the economy start to fail when it 's in danger consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just to point out its relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average speed .
I mean , I mean just how fast we used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care , and we do n't know , we cleaned up , or we have to have our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we drop them , we forget about them , because we know there 's a job force on the other side that 's going to take on it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that will perhaps help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
His work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when to <unk> .
And their work allows us to do ours .
They 're almost a kind of relief .
The flow that keep us safe from ourselves , from our own waste , our waste , and that flow always has to stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I listened to a garbage collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son and I went down the stairs , and there was a man doing his journey of paper recycled as I did all the Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that day in particular , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started researching the collection collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist in this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we 're talking about trash , represent three percent of the amount of waste from the nation .
This is a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next thing you see someone whose work is to clean out of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you very much .
My work focuses on the connection of the connection of our life , in our life , where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in the emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis of different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a mall of a couple of stories in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to point out .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can not afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the <unk> coating generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And thirdly , what it looks like , it has nothing to do with Africa , not with Ethiopia .
It 's a shame that is so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was actually hooked with the old market that 's the free air , where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was , how do you build a modern building building , by applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented by mapping the site , which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city , where a lot of the buildings that we see now in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , forming all the entries in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium that creates a space in the open air in the building that <unk> , for its own shape , sun and rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , that changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to local weather conditions .
And I started thinking of a similar fabric to a <unk> concrete shell to allow the air input , and also the light , but in a light way .
Then we become inspired by these beautiful buttons of dresses .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little <unk> pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled inside the building .
This is <unk> with these little colors of colors that use the light from the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince the developers , because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was n't what we asked . ''
But ultimately , we figured out that this idea of the market was so much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of the day there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was a lot more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was n't necessary air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity takes almost every day .
So we got a big advantage by putting down on the roof .
And then under those panels , we thought about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which is , together , collect water for inner health .
In the beginning of the next year , we 're going on the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan in 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that big , the biggest one that I was designed , I needed to not just understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , his tradition and culture .
And for that analysis , I 've got special attention to the <unk> , a <unk> structure , which was surrounded by a wall with a twelve of <unk> <unk> doors connected by <unk> lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation we did was expand the streets in the streets , creating 12 early building blocks that are in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the small project of the project , like an apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a big deal , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So let 's take a framework that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set a higher density at higher levels and lower density on the plant low .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost giving back the community the space occupied by construction .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and do such as running a <unk> race in the morning or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they are in emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes to communities and local economies to the same pace that the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions , but affordable solutions , which are improving the relationship between community and the environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had great amounts of very bright hair and a little <unk> of pencils , nice . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
I finished that year , and I was full of jealousy , until I would hold my sinister plan .
I was a day after the school out of school , it was a little bit late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the shoreline was <unk> , salt , I entered the classroom , I took from my teacher 's table , the <unk> book .
And then I did .
You know , the ratings of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I set up to give back the book to the crate , but to see , some of my other colleagues had very good grades as well .
So , in a frenzy , I 'll take the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all over rows of <unk> and myself a row of this , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came up .
I do n't understand why I felt good at it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It 's all <unk> <unk> .
They never discovered me .
But above all , I 'm excited about the reason that this little girl , so small , was so good at <unk> .
They <unk> me .
They are so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . The birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy is the cause number one of spouses in America .
And yet , I 've never seen a study to observe loneliness , or long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the lab in which they study jealousy in all their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if I had no jealousy , it would be no literature .
Well , there would be no Helen <unk> , there 's no `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , no , <unk> and nights .
I would n't have Shakespeare .
<unk> the lists of reading the middle school , because we would be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there 's no `` Gatsby '' or `` Party . '' We lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no Proust . I know that it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and as soon as jealousy , almost it has all .
This year is only 100 years of their masterpiece , `` In search for the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness of the sex jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness of mine , and thinking about Proust , we have the details of the <unk> , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in <unk> .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as a cat cat .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume that it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and the jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious , like the jealousy , which is reduced to the person , to their wish , to their liabilities , are a very strong narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we got very close to bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel the jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being around storytellers and audience , we know exactly what little details to include , put the knife , right ?
The jealousy makes us all the amateur novelists , and that is something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And he starts to say to himself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh <unk> that <unk> detects in his lover , adds it to his collection of instruments of torture in her private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , boyfriends of Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break up with it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You need to power it .
And how are the jealousy jealousy ?
<unk> get rid of information .
<unk> use the details .
So jealousy , jealousy amounts of bright hair and the cute little <unk> .
The jealousy got rid of the photos .
That 's why that Instagram is so successful , Proust links the language of jealousy , with the jealousy .
When <unk> is in her agony , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> to the servants of her lover , then it defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know that this is disgusting , but it 's not different from the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that the jealousy is <unk> and they make it seem like <unk> , but at the point , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , a painful truth . In fact , to Proust concerns , the more painful the truth , the better the truth .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss of loss -- these are the pathways in Proust wisdom .
He says , `` One woman who we need , that we need to suffer , causes it to us , a much more profound feelings of feelings that a wise man who might be interested in . ''
Are you telling us we 're going to look for females cruel ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy , jealousy , reveal us .
And is there any other excitement that we can open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement about our aggression , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with the intensity of that peculiar ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud went to a very nervous young man who was being consumed with the idea that his wife would <unk> him .
And Freud said that there was something weird in that man , who did n't get away in what his wife was doing .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he did his wife , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Do you get too much ? Is n't the accidentally <unk> with a man ?
Freud said that man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are really good at this .
novels describe very well how jealousy makes us look with intensity but without precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous we are , the more we become the <unk> of fantasy .
And for this reason , I believe , jealousy , lead us to do violent acts or illegal acts .
<unk> drive us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about myself at the age of eight , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan was captured by being captured by having created a false account on Facebook since the one that was sent <unk> , awful , in a year .
For a year . A year .
She was trying to <unk> the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to say when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How big , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are about how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be <unk> in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going to be <unk> or want what you 've got to take your self and <unk> from what you 've ever had , and it 's under the floor . <unk> to your name , he takes your rings , cow accounts for your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you to everybody , as much as I sometimes want .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the way ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what characters always do when they 're not safe , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to Baker Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think at Worldchanging , they think about the <unk> curse in the Moriarty of Michael Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always got a lot of a lot of <unk> <unk> , the head of a <unk> <unk> <unk> who needs desperately to do , he needs a Holmes genius , but he 's annoyed .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but they <unk> it , and we <unk> with bitterness in the fall of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The <unk> of the Six <unk> , '' once she thinks comes in , <unk> all over with her solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there is no person at <unk> <unk> who do n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the days that we see Holmes was in history . It seems very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Worldchanging is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute , they 're on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> allows you to admire that idea of being a <unk> .
Could it be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to <unk> the greatness on the other .
We can engage with it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So while we hope that that happens , we remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Just fiction is <unk> .
Now , the fiction used , he invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the <unk> <unk> .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 and descended over the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but their presence on the gray surface was the culmination of a collective <unk> process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in American history .
To get to the Moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo 's work to a 400,000 people , and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo 1 crew .
But before the Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve walked over his surface , of which stood after death 's death last year , is now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot of a turn , and they were <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of something and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynics answer is that the President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the <unk> words at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why is climbing the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why would they fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does <unk> versus Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're difficult .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the east of the Cold War .
At the time , the strong emotion was wonder by transcendence of the powers of technology .
It was because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , the polio ran and removed smallpox .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing boat , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew crew flew 40,000 miles / hour .
From 1970 , no human being went back to the Moon .
No one has ever traveled faster than Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has evaporated to see that we have problems that we imagine that the technology will solve how to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me not to look at the <unk> <unk> tube of the rocket Saturn V .
I knew that this would be the final mission that this would be the last mission , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what happened to our capacity to solve problems with technology , it has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here at TED .
It looks as though the technologists had found us and had enriched enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated selling .
There 's nothing wrong in most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a metaphysical explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they 've created less more ambitious businesses than those of the years , at the time Intel <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits , specifically , incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of <unk> ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
<unk> mostly what 's wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at the high point without caring about risk , small investments , small investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest in technologies like energy , which need huge capital and whose development is in the long term . They need to have a huge amount of capital that 's going to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and more complicated .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we can not solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of energy energy from renewable energy from renewable energy , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
<unk> and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want to be sources of alternatives that can compete at price .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international deals with developing the development of an alternative energy , mostly , a significant increase in the research and energy development , and some kind of control of the coal price .
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we 're going to see an American energy policy , or the international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that look like technological , they turn out not to be .
We know from a while ago that famines are a result of failure in the food route .
But 30 years of research has been taught that famines are political crises that affect food distribution .
Technology can improve things like crop crops , or systems for storage and food bicycle systems , but there will be famines of the bad governments .
And finally , the big problems we sometimes have to make a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
The President Nixon declared the war in 1971 in 1971 , but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective treatments and effective treatments .
The difficult problems are difficult .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we have , but these four elements have been present : political leaders and population must want to solve the problem ; institutions have to support the solution ; it must really be a technological problem , and we should understand .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems , is true with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's not a <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who 's difficult and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , it turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And really , I was n't even <unk> any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we do n't have a challenge .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with <unk> ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become cliches of our society .
I think they 're three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease in trust , it 's a very general belief .
The second is a goal : we should be more confident .
And the third is a task : we should be able to recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task have been wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about it .
First of the claim : why people think the confidence has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I 'll lean to thinking that there may be down in some activities or institutions , and that might have increased others .
I do n't know .
But I can go to the opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that the confidence has decreased .
When you look at the opinion polls over time , there are not many evidence of it .
That is , the people who are <unk> 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , still inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very good about 20 years ago they 're still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway through .
But is this evidence for enough ?
What the opinion polls are , of course , are opinions .
What else can register ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people felt when you ask yourself certain questions .
Trust politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Are you going to go to <unk> ?
Do you <unk> at the fishermen ?
Do you go through elementary teachers ? ''
I 'd probably say , `` To ask what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but in some other . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to place the confidence in a distinct way .
We do n't assume that the level of confidence we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or type of person , it 's going to be uniform in every single case .
I could , for example , to say that I trust a certain elementary teacher I know to give the kind of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend 's mine to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why do we stop all that knowledge when we think of trust in the most abstract form ?
I think these surveys are really bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they try to make the good judgment of inherent judgment by being able to trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal I 'm <unk> .
I would start to have more confidence in what 's confidence , but not what it is n't .
Ultimately , I 'm a <unk> of not trusting what 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who were looking at their savings with a very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think , and I think , well , yes , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life .
Confidence deposited or barred with intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it 's worth , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about to do is make a judgment on how reliable people are in particular ways .
And I think in order to make a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they being honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is to competent in childbirth , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in contrast , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but not <unk> in them to bring a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that they 're looking at their own competence .
And I 'm very happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and accountable , but extremely <unk> .
If this is , I still did n't notice .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , before you trust .
The confidence is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've been trying to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , who make us easier for the task of judging their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once he was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is it takes more time to make management paperwork going on . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional life , that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness and trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is make the work of people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` play the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure you all know similar examples .
Everything , for the goal .
I believe that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we 're trying to be worthy of trust and encourage people to be reliable and whether to try to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple action , attitudes , what does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild trust , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive because we give it other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them the bases enough so they can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the time , all the time .
But you also have to contribute to <unk> tests that are worthy of trust .
How do we do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
Let me give you a simple business example .
The store where I buy my socks is that I can return them without giving explanations .
I 'm going to take you and get the money back , or you change it by the color that I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they themselves became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson on that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think that what we 're pointing is not a very difficult thing to tell .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we have come to <unk> the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been shrinking , more and more and more , to a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the touch screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to all .
But I ask myself , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First I created this tool that goes into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers their body to pixels .
Designers can bring their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen .
So , with this tool , the barriers break down .
But the two hands remain still out of the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the skill dexterity ?
In the Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital labor area .
So , you know , you put a transparent display with cameras deep to detect your fingers and the face , now you can pick up the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab missing missing the hands .
As the windows and the archives have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and <unk> lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down from every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information to come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and get things out of the Internet .
Now that does n't worry about it .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision you get from a device on the head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical to make touch and feel them ?
How would a future look like this ?
At the Media Lab at MIT with my tutor Ishii , and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only pixel pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a pixel in 3D in space , which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere in this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was <unk> gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation , mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And when we program the object digitally , we release it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can be <unk> and they 're going to reproduce , and they stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach physically <unk> and distance and famous by Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality , the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real , palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the computer physics is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information will not just show us something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us without us without us that we have to <unk> ourselves from our world .
We started the talk today about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I <unk> to become a gymnast for two years in <unk> , China , in the 1970s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes with all expenses .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
And then to survive the Cultural Revolution , I firmly believed that there was just an accurate path to happiness : a safe and paid work .
No matter whether the job I 'd like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio show .
But no adult <unk> the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So , at the age of 15 , I knew it was already too much bigger to train .
My dream will never work .
I was afraid , that during the rest of my life , a second class happiness would be the only thing that I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
No one all around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go back to books .
[ `` Hey <unk> . '' ] [ `` <unk> <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> <unk> '' ] So , what were the first books here ?
Those were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth , '' it 's about life Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but odd .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's make a lot of perspectives .
For example , this map seemed to me outside because this is what students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
<unk> reading is not a new thing .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to fields of research as religion comparative and comparative literature .
<unk> and contrast , offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that comparative reading worked to investigate , why not do it as well as everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
It can be about people [ `` Benjamin Adams , '' [ `` John Adams , '' of David <unk> who were involved in an exact same thing , or friends with shared experiences .
By the Christ , temptation are economic , politics and spiritual .
For the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road of <unk> Tzu , '' Thomas <unk> ' path , <unk> <unk> , rather than lost in translation , found that you can gain a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` quick joy '' -- Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally , means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I wo n't feel alone or powerless .
Having a broken dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that accomplishment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
To a dream dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books that I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So , the books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw on my office couch , took his shoes off and told me that he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My classmates had a <unk> as a first client .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it made me easy to move my head as well as the solution to you .
Now , 30 are the new twenties , saying Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , it 's home later , it has children later , until the death goes on .
For <unk> , like Alex and I had plenty of time .
But shortly after , my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out with the guys under their category , hang on a <unk> head , but it 's not as if it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe you get married with the next .
Also , the best time to work on Alex 's marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people sit on their head after what they used to do , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex to be a pause in their development .
This caused the <unk> of Alex to be the perfect moment and we were wasting it .
So I realized , that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences , not just for Alex and his loving life , but for racing , families and future <unk> .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adulthood without spending before the <unk> .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , you take a dream of the dream , I want to see . It 's fine . Incredible <unk> .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments and `` Aha ! '' that give your life way to your life to be 30 and so many .
People over 40 , not in panic .
This audience is going to be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money that you win .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , they live or they 're leaving with their future partner at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends its second and final stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something that you want to change with yourself , now it 's the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any moment of life , and we know that female fertility gets to its top top to 28 , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are the moment to deal with their body and their options .
When we think about developing the child 's development , we all know that the first five years are critical for language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment in which its daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there is something called an adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in an adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
The journalists to give you names -- ridiculous , <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a <unk> , which is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard <unk> said that to get great things , you need a plan , and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think when you give him a <unk> in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They robbed that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and does absolutely nothing .
And then every day , the smart , smart <unk> , interesting things like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't know . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better resume the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
They were all running , and they were <unk> , but then somewhere around the 30 , it turned off the music and everybody started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only thing to stop standing , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds just a bit extreme , but no mistakes , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge amount of pressure on the 30s , and so many of you start a career , pick a partner , to choose a partner , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there are research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful doing all once in the '30s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sporting cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize you ca n't have the child you want now , or you ca n't give you a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> looked at themselves , and to me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a waitress .
As it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend that showed more fulfilled .
And despite the living of a very difficult <unk> , their previous life had been even more difficult .
They were often used in our sessions , but then he would get up to her , saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
He had just been buying a new book a phone book , and I had spent the whole morning I would go through with her many contacts , but then you kept seeing the empty space that goes on after the words , `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of if you give me cancer ? ''
At that moment , it took me a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that would really be worried .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex , like just sit down while the decisive decade for Emma was going on in front .
So , for the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all foundations , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma to be forgotten about that identity crisis and <unk> identity .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's race , and no one knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that day , from that company that you want to try .
I 'm not <unk> exploration -- I 'm <unk> the exploration that I should n't count , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said Emma that would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you at the airport , but the <unk> who come together with friends with similar minds are limited to whom you know , what they know about , how they think , how they 're talking about , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new piece of capital that we get to go out almost always comes from the nearest circle .
The new things come from what they 're called the weak ties friends of their friends .
Yes , half the <unk> have a bad job or do n't have any work .
But the other half does n't , and the weak ties are the way to <unk> this group .
The half of the work created never released , then to meet the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job was not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how the information happens .
For last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose their family , but I know their friends .
This was true when I was growing , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> his family , when he has a partner and form his own family .
I told Emma the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think the 30 is better to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choice to the person you live with now or <unk> you now when all on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with anyone to choose to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found a fellow cousin of a cousin who worked at a museum of art in another state .
This weak link has helped him get a job there .
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend alive .
Now , five years later , it 's special <unk> of events in museums .
This married man with a man who chose consciously .
She loves his new career , he loves his new family , and I 'm sending a letter that said , `` Now the emergency spaces are not big enough . ''
Now , Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes coming out of the L.A. airport , that go somewhere in the west .
Right before the launch , a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , 21 or 25 and even 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> that you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling <unk> , as Emma every day : <unk> are not new <unk> , <unk> their old age , get an identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
They wo n't be defined by what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very <unk> job in management management for a job that was even more <unk> : faculty .
I went to teach you mathematics at seventh grade in New York City schools .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and test .
I give them tasks .
When the work comes back , I 'll take the ratings .
What struck me was that <unk> <unk> was n't the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance did n't have I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh grade , safe , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are n't impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard , and for long enough .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a political perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure the best way .
It 's the <unk> , but what if they succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms , and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Academy <unk> West Point .
We tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in the military training , and who would be <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> and tried to predict what kids would make as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers amateurs working in a really difficult neighborhood , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and of those , who will be the most effective in improving the outcomes of their students ' learning ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those different contexts , it arose a feature as a major <unk> of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
Not the good look , the physical health , and it was n't higher I.Q .
It was determination .
<unk> is passion and perseverance to reach the long-term goals .
<unk> is to have resistance .
<unk> is clinging to your future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future one reality .
<unk> is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race .
A few years ago , I started studying the purpose in Chicago schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to get my determination questionnaires , and then I waited about more than a year to see those who are <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination was significantly greater likely to graduate , even when I matched them in each characteristic that I could measure , things like family income , the results of the standardized tests , even the safety that children felt when they were at school .
So it 's not just West Point or <unk> <unk> in which matters . It 's also in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop determination for children ?
What should I do to teach kids a strong job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know . What I know is that talent can not give them purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who just do n't go on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , it 's commonly not related or it 's even related to the talent measurements .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the purpose of children is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and they learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to fail when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where I finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to be wrong , to start all over again with the lessons we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as a daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the figure of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was going through this amazing language .
But for a foreign , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can bring down this wall , so anyone who wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated <unk> language .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster , simple way .
A Chinese academic academic <unk> 20 thousand characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow us to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read signs of traffic , menus from restaurants , understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers .
Today I start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it can be a square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to give a walk .
<unk> .
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if it was yelling <unk> , , `` Help me ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally shaped by the shape of the flame , but I like to believe it 's the other way . I 'm going to believe it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of <unk> doors on the old west .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they create a lot more characters .
A person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the ancient saying , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person reach their arms , this person is saying , `` It was this big . ''
The person within the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , such as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a board under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , and that 's an <unk> . Easy to remember , because a tree <unk> is pretty stupid .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it gets very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Hold the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out over the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a board inside the door , it 's the sequel to the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , asking questions .
She hit , is there someone at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , <unk> , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful that they 're adultery .
So we 've gone through nearly 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical method will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , they 'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing that they learn a Chinese eight years .
So after meeting the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the soil of the sun .
This is a sun in the origin , because Japan is in China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked up one over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies over the mountains .
Today , the exile has become out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I must stop talking and lower the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be about being dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids -- when my daughter was four , we saw the <unk> of Oz together .
The film dominated its imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and to take a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy problem .
However , the magician of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend actually took rise 40 years later with , interestingly , another movie whose protagonists , a metal boy and a <unk> boy <unk> a girl dressed up as guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician 's magician and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think that if the magician of Oz is done today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you are the salvation of Oz as the prophecy .
You use magic shoes to beat armies created by the computer of the <unk> evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing of Oz about Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters , and they even speculate are women .
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars for my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that moment , I also had a son .
Just three years old .
He was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the supervision level was down , so slid into the room , and she was impressed as a mother leg with his covers behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> , <unk> everything .
I wonder what a perceived .
Would you be the issues of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Should the sense that Luke is an army to overthrowing the government ?
<unk> this with the magician of Oz Oz .
How do Dorothy his film win ?
Well , in the good deal with all of us and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Oz , OK , and not a world of men who fight , which is where we are .
Why is there so much <unk> or <unk> , force in movies for our kids , and so little on the road of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how children react to this stimulus .
Now , I know by experience that Princess <unk> does n't give me the right framework that would have served to navigate the world of the adults that are mixed up . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the credit to come up , because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have girlfriend .
Why on foot there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are lots of exceptions , and defend the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they 're kids , are not really their target audience .
They do a phenomenal job teaching girls how to defend girls against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend in the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues to appear on classic after classical after classic , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who breed a little girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has done a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these movies passes the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you heard about this .
It 's still not being caught and it 's already spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the films that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's only three questions that you have to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else of the boy that they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and they talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the cinema that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , <unk> , <unk> idea of what 's a Hollywood Hollywood movie .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the <unk> crisis .
We have a lot of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding , and it 's the great moment for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go through numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe that they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that this is going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think that movies for children have something to do with that .
I also do n't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something is wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sex <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do n't they learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says that the role of a male hero is defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't speak ?
Are we telling that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to <unk> it .
We have tools at our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we expect that to help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to protect you if , at the same time , active or passively , we 're educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and I 'm talking about the parents .
I think we have to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character of Star Wars -- you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to promote their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories in which I tell my son : Go and fight only and more stories where you see that their work is join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , as the Oz of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine and one of the things I loved the most was to look at sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to search for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love for the past and archeology .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw my own eyes not enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up at one of 1,300 miles long along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew it had to do otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using the infrared .
This is a place in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in plain sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and we process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like bright rose .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes in the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an old <unk> city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings who built them , which are inside the red circles here , but somewhere in this huge continuous range .
This area is enormous , it 's about roughly <unk> per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as it changed over time , moved to the east and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a lower city in a long landscape ?
I 'll try to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA board data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was <unk> .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this little <unk> area that you see within the circle here , that we thought it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sampling works ; you can see it here .
When I say to sample , it 's sort of the <unk> show in ice , but instead of climate change layers , we seek out layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , under a thick coat of mud , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five feet down , we have a <unk> layer of occupation that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found jobs from <unk> , <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop there .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones , it was used by the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We do n't find <unk> here , but we will go back to the place in a near future to localize it .
And more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make huge discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , it was probably written in <unk> <unk> .
To share knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So according to it , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do ideas really started in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly does the search for marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made .
Now , you 've got a group of obese <unk> in bicycles .
They 're competing in a <unk> race , and they 're going to address their entry door .
I need you to look at this .
They 're strong <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're going a lot .
They collide in front of their doorstep .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on the side of the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the threshold of the door .
In the lobby , in the lobby , or what 's there on the door , and look at the quality of light , the light shines on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving them with the hand .
from his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel their blue fur <unk> on your nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie , and you 're going to go on to go into the mouth .
<unk> on one side and go to his living room .
In the room , and making use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing over his coffee table , singing `` <unk> <unk> One Time . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The soil has been coated with a <unk> path and from the oven come towards you Dorothy , <unk> Man , the <unk> and the <unk> of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> of the hands , jumping towards you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few different ages of hygiene .
They were <unk> hundreds of random numbers , watching them just once .
We <unk> the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
<unk> poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize them very quickly the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is amazing . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man called Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when did you realize you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who 's involved in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to make these acts of memory using some ancient skills , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that they used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did n't you have heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition and Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English , although a little bit of <unk> , said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Britney ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
Because I 'd like to teach Britney Britney how how they memorize the order in a deck of cards live on national television .
That will prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Britney , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start by something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
The most part of the year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Somebody was incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows you to see what extent our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the role of Dustin Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We spent one evening together in the public library of Salt Lake City , <unk> phone books ; it was fulfilled .
And when I came back , I read a lot of treaties on the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of things really interesting .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of getting trained , disciplined and cultured memory was not a thing as rare as you might be today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world , but they also have changed .
They 've changed us culturally , and I would say that they 've changed us as well .
As we already have no need to remember , sometimes it seems to be forgotten how to do that .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people who are passionate about this idea of the <unk> , disciplined and cultured memory is this competition so unique to memory .
It 's actually not that singular ; there 's the competence of the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at University College in London invited a memory champions , the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it that it has brains in some ways , a structural or more different structural of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they just smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the subjects of the control of the control .
When they put them in an MRI machine , they <unk> their brains while they were <unk> , faces and forms of snowflakes , and they found that in memory champions , they found parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used them , or they were using , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The tournament tournament is driving as an armed career where each year comes up with a new way of remembering more things , faster , and then the rest of the competitors should get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and that he only mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise <unk> order .
I know .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions , absolutely all the techniques used in the end is reduced to a single concept that psychologists call coding <unk> .
It 's joined a elegant paradox known as the paradox `` <unk> '' says the following : I say to two people who remember the same word . I tell you , `` Remember there 's a man named Baker . ''
That 's his last name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> .
And when I go back later , and I said , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their work is <unk> .
The same word , different memory capacity ; that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name 's Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
With all the other memories they dance for his head .
But the word , `` <unk> . ''
They use <unk> hats .
They have flour .
They 're fine when they go back home to work .
You probably know any baker .
And when we had that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> somewhere later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in Greece .
It 's known as the `` palace . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> who went to a potluck dinner .
They had been hired as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't get it to a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , <unk> her memory poem , and he left , and so soon it was , the hall of the dinner parties collapsed .
We killing everyone .
But not only killed everyone , but it shattered the bodies left <unk> .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
So they could n't afford the bodies .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only one survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with his mind in his mind , I could see where I was sitting every guest .
I took the relatives of the hand to where they were their loved ones between the rubble .
What <unk> <unk> at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and that is that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual and space memory .
If you 're going to tell you that I 'm going to give you the first 10 words of history that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very difficult to do it .
But I would bet that if you would tell you to say who was sitting on the horse <unk> in their lobby , they would be able to <unk> them .
The idea of the soul of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , funny thing , and <unk> is the image , the more unforgettable it will be .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , the first treaties of memory in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to do it from memory , the same way that I 'd done Cicero if they were invited to <unk> him about 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine they 're at the door of your house .
And you come up to some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy picture , crazy and unforgettable picture to help you remember that the first thing you want to talk about is that <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine getting into your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> , mounted on Mister Ed .
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you 'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that made for a whole year , and they have some friends to help them remember them .
So it 's like the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to confuse them , but typical , typical .
In fact , the `` typical '' term , comes from Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about your speaking and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` first , '' would be like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I got stuck with it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing a large thing about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a boring event .
Seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting in taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone <unk> the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in these people 's minds , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in his place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was <unk> fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What 's actually about doing is to make it better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and hopefully <unk> , <unk> .
I was hooked quite a lot of this .
This is me , using my standard team of training for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and <unk> glasses covered with tape just two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same competition that had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter , in a sort of participatory <unk> experiment .
I thought this could be a good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Now , it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , shopping numbers , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they are based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to put it up to build the memory or memorize cards of cards , to benefit from a little insight on how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The big memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
You know , we focus deeply deeply .
The soul of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's sort of a profound processing sort of processing , a kind of full attention that most of them are not going to be <unk> around .
But the reality is there 's no shortcuts .
That 's how things get memorable .
And if there 's something that I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , and I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to being human in front of us , who walks on our side . We 're going to be so <unk> that we do n't even stand in a depth ?
I learned from the first hand that there are amazing memory abilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person that remembers remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so it 's just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm owned by Jersey , I was six years old and I lived there at my parents ' home in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And , between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And that 's all over the time I looked at the telly . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I went down and wrapped up in a towel , everyone looked at me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , no division of zones , but of those gut , emotional connections that we feel in the places that we deal with .
And it 's no wonder we feel like that , because according to the EPA of Environmental Protection agreement , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling .
That 's 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
Architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive and very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it tells you , you think about power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know what you think about that for based on a building , 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , solids , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building stuff is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . <unk> and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library , which is done in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , which <unk> what <unk> are trying to communicate with this building : children , ownership values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , the whole other library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and sharing .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , two buildings , they 're so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; architects constantly drive new technologies , new budgets , new solutions for the forms of life today .
<unk> , we 'll just give them a little bit of them , that we get away from the people .
Now , all of the black , this is depressing . You believe that we feel very well , but we 're dead because we have no choice .
We have to go on the other side and go back to those appreciated symbols .
So we 're all happy , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we 're starting to experiment again ; we do swing the pendulum back to , again and again . So we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , <unk> years ago .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , <unk> scale .
Something really hard .
So we get to the '80s , and we start to incorporate those symbols together .
<unk> the pendulum in the other direction .
We take those shapes that we know and <unk> them .
We added neon and we added a bake new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took <unk> <unk> , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be <unk> medieval facts .
The shapes are <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
<unk> grew up to the size of buildings .
It 's crazy .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spent the time in commercial malls , we moved to the neighborhoods , and in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
You can probably have an infinite <unk> of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are feeling frustrated , and we started doing swing the pendulum back in the other direction .
In the '80s , and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with called <unk> .
You know , you know , the historical symbols -- we now have new <unk> techniques , and we 're in with new compositions -- some ways that are going to occur against other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's super <unk> ; you have totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then , something surprising happened .
In 1997 , this building is opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and public in general , were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times <unk> this construction building .
The tourism tourism grew up with a half thousand percent when they ended up the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media is going around and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction to these forms .
The same thing did the major mayors in the world .
So everyone believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon , the beginning of the new millennium , went through other star architects .
It happened to <unk> and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the beginning of the new millennium , actually started to happen with all the architecture . The digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how they consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
The transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we are all photographers and the building is transported beyond their physical location .
Architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the communication rate has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because the architecture moves so fast .
It 's not quite a long time to think of a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years old , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings before we know if I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there have never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the most revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , from steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to communication media , it starts to swing faster and faster , to be on both extreme extremes , and it 's effectively the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make symbols almost <unk> , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire , in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and how the drawings looked exactly like the finished product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to come and they shared it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you made in the building .
And as you use them to tell their story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with collective memory , and by putting these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks telling us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think of architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , we 're first going to be the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experiment , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can take the mayor of <unk> , people of <unk> , and tell them that there is no one that can be a library today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment .
Everything is different now .
Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and complicated drawings , and you 're not a hapless audience that does n't accept anything that has n't seen before .
The architects can listen , and you do n't let architects be taken through architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> one way to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical <unk> of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium must be .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for ways they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings <unk> the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking lot in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sports or for yoga , or even you can get married in the night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming on the East River of New York , and raising half a million dollars in the community around that cause , no client alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little names of names , so <unk> and <unk> like the animals that are going to observe .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what it matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings do not only reflect our society , but they give way to the smallest spaces , the local libraries , the homes where we formed our kids , and the bedroom 's bedroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year , and he started walking .
And it makes it that great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughed and laughing , and it gives himself these big kisses and wet .
It 's beautiful .
And apparently , all his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do this , and it made me think , `` When do you stop doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and she lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , he just wants to be darling and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week at school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little bit confused because , even though his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells him he 's ugly .
Between what her mom says , and what his friends , or fellow partners , they say , does n't know who to believe .
So a video of it , he publishes it on YouTube , and he says to others , please let a comment , `` Am I nice or am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has gotten more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so disgusting , who does n't even deserve to think of them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who gets these answers in one of the stages of their more vulnerable vulnerable .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what 's going to do this ?
Well , adolescents today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking to me , `` I like , '' talking , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected to , in a way , very distinctive , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in his room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that goes from the hand with that are cold .
This environment , which is always connected , is <unk> our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I love '' that they have and the kinds of comments that they get .
There is no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what it is .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what 's normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls ' news .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The technique of the <unk> is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those who <unk> it , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people do .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the <unk> stars in the sport , and the singers <unk> .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and be <unk> individuals .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , at the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls would prefer not to do something because they think they do n't see nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a taxpayer to society and the field of working development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenage percent , are not interested in class arguments , and they 're going to participate in the classroom , because they do n't want to call attention for its physical appearance .
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they do n't feel comfortable with it .
And in the exam season , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a minor note on the average of your companions who do n't care about what they look like .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , United States and China .
And it turns out , regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem of his body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> the health .
<unk> with little self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they participate in more diet not to bring them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that 's because of all this thing that makes more risky decisions , like alcohol and drug consumption , diet dramatic , aesthetic activity , sexual activity , <unk> and damage and damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing into the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or not they have higher labor rates .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel safe with the way they look .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be ?
<unk> this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far away .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill trust in your own body .
We have to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was pretty surprised when I learned that many good programs , no realizing , make it worse .
So , we must make sure that the program that our children follow not only a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are points of crucial points for anyone who 's willing to provide education in body self-esteem that work .
One education is fundamental , but to deal with this problem requires each of us who take the driver 's seat , and let 's be a better model for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the current status of how women are views and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell you about the input of our politicians in cuts from hair or the size of their breasts , or that 's what determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people for what they are , not because you see .
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you , `` When was the last time you had a mirror ? ''
In short , we have to work together as a communities , as governments and as companies , to change our culture , for our children to grow up to their own person , valuing the individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put the people that really makes a difference on a pedestal .
For making a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're never going to see the <unk> of being who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister ?
Your daughter ?
Will your niece ? A friend ?
Could it be simply the woman who 's two seats away . What would it mean for it if it was released from that voice , <unk> inside the inside , that haunts it for not having a long legs , more skinny thighs , a <unk> belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for it if we were doing this , and we would unlock the potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the imagery is holding us up .
But let 's look at our children the truth .
<unk> that the way you see is just one part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and so they do , and as they make us feel .
They <unk> self-esteem in our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and compared to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of the age of today are becoming agents of themselves tomorrow .
So let 's do it .
On the 5 of November 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi <unk> <unk> , the leader of the Defense Defense League <unk> .
And initially I was initially innocent , but being in prison for other minor charges , in the company of others , they started planning with a <unk> of New York City cones , including synagogues , and the United Nations headquarters .
So , luckily , those plans would be <unk> by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the pump of 1993 , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't help .
He later <unk> would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a loving mother , primary school teacher , who was both making everything possible for giving me happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , get to know .
And I saw that when people take time to interact , you do n't need a lot to get to want the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all of the human group , there is always a tiny fraction of people who are so attached to their convictions that thinks we have to use all the media possible for everyone to live in .
A few months before he was arrest , he sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekends , he and some friends , had been going to shoot in Long Island <unk> , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We came to the <unk> <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I hit my dad , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot , gave the little orange light on the goal , and to surprise everybody , especially mine , all the objective burst on fire .
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic , said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
<unk> , such a child .
At all , the comment gave them a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be condemned by putting a stick with 700 pounds of explosives in the northern tower in the northern tower in the northern tower in the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called it `` <unk> '' , which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone , I was now trying to pack up and go to another city .
As it was always me , the new face of the class was often a victim of <unk> .
It <unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new one of the class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I spent at home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , it did n't develop social skills , to say very gently , to grow <unk> , not prepared for the real world .
I was brought by opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences they had tested my way of thinking about , it was during 2000 presidential elections .
In a <unk> program I entered the National Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group was involved in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> most of my life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys who we had made friendship was Jewish .
I took several days out of light this detail , and I realized that there was no <unk> between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that my whole life had made me believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All life was taught me that the <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I was able to see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones that I 'd seen in life .
Having been a kid , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat people kind of nice , exactly the way I 'd have to be treated .
For that feeling , I could contrast the stereotypes that they had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that 's like , but I do know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then the `` Daily Show . ''
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I was helping to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he turned my shape figure out in a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
At times , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my own life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking , and she told me something that I keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with his eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless dogmatism and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside of you .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I decided to go out and put myself at a risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope somebody , one day , who is to lead to violence , can hear my story and understand that there is a better way , that even though I went to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a fan of me .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , and the awful pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity , I 'm here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race . That children do n't have to follow the paths of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a movie that 's projected in his minds .
It 's an amazing <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now , but that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , flavor and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , like your childhood moments that we project in front of your eyes .
And he has constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experiences everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that you know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness .
I do n't know that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are we not just robots that are going to be able to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
At this moment , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to do a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , I 'll get that vision .
psychology was a objectively that psychology is objectively objectively the objectively brain neuroscience , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
And even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
<unk> , 20 years ago , everything started to change .
<unk> as Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` It 's now the moment for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I 'd presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness , and the questions about what certain areas of the brain and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
There 's actually no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the real mystery of this stuff : Why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal film ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emergent phenomenon like <unk> , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
Now the typical <unk> are all kinds of emergent behaviors , how they operate the <unk> , how they work hurricanes , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms , and they 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and function of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we 're talking about , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among easy problems .
But the difficult problem , is the question of why all the behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't really have to say .
I 'm a <unk> scientist .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , he would hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness on pure terms of physical terms that would work .
But at the end I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get involved at this point .
We have a wonderful , great explanations , so we get used to this -- physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to write that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is an anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you may need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that we start to start crazy , before we can deal with awareness of a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there is no such problem there 's a hard problem .
The whole idea of the subjective subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so it 's studies everything it needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , and for many others , that vision is quite close to simply denying than the awareness of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
We 've got fundamental laws that govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties is not explaining in terms of nothing more basic .
Instead , they 're considered to be fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental <unk> is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell , you 've discovered that you ca n't explain electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws . So I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then for a question of logic , you have to <unk> the list .
The most natural thing would be to <unk> consciousness as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden is not the object of science .
It opens the path to direct it .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want the very simple laws that we can have a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can have a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : Pan , for everyone , <unk> by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes from Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
And even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or you think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with anguish when you think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of crude sense , subjective , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How did anyone think something like something like this ?
In part of this , it comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way of finding fundamental laws that <unk> the thinking with the physical process , is <unk> awareness .
Whenever there is information processing , there 's awareness .
<unk> of complex <unk> , like a human , conscious consciousness .
<unk> , simple consciousness .
Something really exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and he developed it rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of integration of information , which is called <unk> , which measures the extent of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be able to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an amazing degree of integration of information , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a degree of integration of information , as much as significant , degree of consciousness , pretty important awareness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , microbes , the degree of <unk> goes down .
The level of integration of information is lower , but it 's not zero .
In <unk> theory , there 's still a level of different consciousness .
In fact given a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and the philosophers have been observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying it .
As Stephen Hawking 's explaining , `` Where does the equations go out of the equations ? ''
From the vision , the equations of physics can leave you as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically do , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this view , consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found outside the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to promote our relationship to nature , and it can have social and ethical and ethical consequences .
Some people can be <unk> .
I used to think that I was n't supposed to eat anything that I had consciousness , then I should be vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think this is okay , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral terms , is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> . ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the view of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated information , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are quite serious ethical problems about the ethic of the developing computer systems and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the whole <unk> consciousness , the planet .
Do Canada have its own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk . Right now , we have a TED collective consciousness , an internal film for this whole group of TED , different from the internal movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question that you have to take seriously .
So this <unk> vision , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer by the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , which is universal .
Vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path towards serious awareness .
If not , well , it 's probably the hardest problem of science and the philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we will finally discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
We might just need the crazy crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural town in <unk> .
It had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I had my friends left with my friends , <unk> me with my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to <unk> for a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's a clear problem .
She did n't have anything done . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After the school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair ' hair hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing you can consider as an achievement if we took disability outside the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching at a high school of Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the middle of the classes of legal studies , a guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you turn your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What 's speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for the good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your focus speech .
When people in chairs of wheels , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And it was then when I realized , this boy had had experiences with disabilities as an inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of boy , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this scenario , which I do in this wheelchair , and you 're probably waiting for you to inspire them . Right ? Yeah .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid to show you dramatically .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability .
Yes , they have been sold to the lie that disability is a bad thing , a cap , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing to live with a disability .
It 's not a bad thing , and it ca n't make you fantastic .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before I leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , a little bit of a little girl drawing with a pencil for the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with <unk> <unk> legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term porn term , because they would give a group of people to the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we 're going to take the disabled disabled benefit from people .
The purpose of these images is inspire , to motivate , to motivate you , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for really bad that 's my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that have been strange to me , to express me , to express that you believe that I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was kind of like me to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images , to reach people with disabilities to benefit from people without disability .
They 're there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
Let 's get a few things .
But the things that we 're missing is not the things that you can think of .
They 're not things relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` <unk> '' , deliberately because I 'm called the social call of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in than because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with him .
I do the things that I need to do , and I 've learned how to get the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens with the children of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability .
So is it really fair to look at the way we do that , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' he says as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of lying , because they 've sold this lie that disability has been sold to us .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn from other people with disabilities at all .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I hope that this is a great idea to use a <unk> <unk> to pick up the things that go down . I 'm a new trick of how to charge your battery on your cell phone battery .
Great .
We learn from the strength and the resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that you have been sold about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles at a stretch of stairs has n't done it to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen will not make the subtitles for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore , and it makes a positive attitude to turn all these books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered not to be on a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people with disabilities that are <unk> by getting up of bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a child at 11 degrees at a high school in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that their new teacher is a wheelchair user .
<unk> does n't make us remarkable , but to question what you think about , I know what you do .
Thank you .
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow <unk> ?
Unfortunately , I 'll just answer one of those questions , so please , please do n't get away .
When people think of augmented reality , they think in `` Minority Report '' and in Tom Cruise flying hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 'm wearing : the Google Glass Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that the Google Glass are a device that lets you see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what 's a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to fix it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you would fill with your imagination .
We can use the Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what it is running by the game at 100 miles an hour , blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man who feels like a man who 's about 110 pounds of <unk> us , trying to match everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
So I 'm going to get a few videos to show you what it is to use the Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not from the NFL images , because the idea of the NFL technology is a submarine going up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . <unk> a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Come on !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of <unk> .
You may have realized that there are people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> <unk> : Mice 54 ! Mice <unk> !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 . Come on !
Chris <unk> : That 's a little bit more about feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , be their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field .
<unk> ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get it with , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called <unk> Rift , which surely many of you know .
The <unk> Rift has been described as the more realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh my God ! Oh !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a mountain to perform for his life .
What 's going to be a fan of a fan when you put a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , <unk> a <unk> with the arm before running and make a notation ? What will be the experience of a fan experience .
When I could be able to run out by the court , let 's release the bottom of the network , or <unk> the bottom of the network ?
What will be your experience when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles an Olympic <unk> ?
Maybe you have the sales of their diapers .
But this is not augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> ?
<unk> augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners look at the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it to win ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> had a <unk> to his field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the match because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put put put put put put put put put put in the <unk> of the countryside and then on the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that they 're a player going back to your group and you see your next show you can show you in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing . You will no longer have to worry about forgetting one .
or they 're keeping strategy .
They just go out the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate to lose parties .
You lose parties like a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a better strategy manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve the game of play .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people down .
You also get information from the sensors and <unk> , something that 's already working on .
And all that information is send to your players .
Now , the good teams will know send it .
The bad guys will have <unk> information .
This would take the good teams of bad guys .
So your team of computing will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being nerds .
It 's also for athletes . Who would have imagined it ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field <unk> .
You get the ball and <unk> it .
<unk> an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight telling you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> you , and you do n't normally , but the system of <unk> would tell you .
They 're going to go back to the protection area .
Another flashlight tells you that there 's an open receptor .
You get the ball , but you 'll get down to you .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receiver sees its bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
You know , you get the ball , it runs and puts it up .
The audience goes crazy and fans have continued to go from every single angle .
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make a lot of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think that we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , to be in another person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for your <unk> .
It generates billions of income a year .
But what is this technology worth of a teacher in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how about their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show to the world , how is it alive ?
What is it worth for a <unk> <unk> or a Neil <unk> Tyson , trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , the augmented reality is about .
The questions that we make , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend on , depend on us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in the <unk> California <unk> .
Most of those 23 years came to me , <unk> the southern tip of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
So the bridge is an iconic , iconic structure for its beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , as one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer who was asked to build the bridge , said , `` The bridge is pretty much proof of suicide .
<unk> from the bridge is not practical or unlikely . ''
But from his openness , more than 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers , and this bridge has been idealized as such , such as the fall from it , such that it releases all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go under <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free fall of four to five seconds , the body crashes against water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of us die in the impact .
Those who do n't usually get into the helpless water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that you 're going to take this suicide method of suicide realizing that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
This is where most people are in order to get their lives before .
I can tell you by experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darker time , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to a officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the fence .
When I started working on the bridge , we had no formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who <unk> suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him the July 22 last year by getting a call from a potential subject who was suicidal , sitting on the center near the center .
<unk> , and when I came , I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and I had flown up until here from New Jersey .
In fact , they had flown up until here twice from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , I asked if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
He <unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more <unk> , and she opened the box .
From it out of her , sorrows , and all sorts of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
You stopped a few moments , he leaned on to the right , and it was .
This kind of nice , smart guy in New Jersey had just taken life off .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be fine ringing , because the next day , the family rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage of suicide affect a lot of people .
I 'm asking you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved to be suicidal ?
What would you say ?
Let 's tell you what to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just have to talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
No <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how you feel , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the inflection point you need .
If you think that someone is suicidal , you wo n't be afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They <unk> the person in front of it can save her life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs look : despair , believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to improve it ; they 're never going to get better ; <unk> , believe that there is nothing you can do about it -- social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing that I read .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience there .
I 'm thinking , I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell their friends , and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of really realizing that Mike wo n't come home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the game of 49 her father on the 19th of January .
He never got there .
I called the police police and <unk> it as disappeared as the night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house , and they reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much to fight for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been wrong without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the path that his son took that day , and also the value to go on .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a possible subject that was suicidal on the sidewalk near the northern tower .
I <unk> my bike on the sidewalk , and he looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , I crossed the fence , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the hour and a half , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided to see that day back on that lane , and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new start , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did it go back and give them to hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
You stopped talking and just heard . ''
Now , shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to get it to you .
`` Dear <unk> <unk> , nothing erase the events of the 11th March , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> .
He 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which he has been properly <unk> .
She brought it to Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious of all of those <unk> traits , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General San Francisco General <unk> at night , you 're <unk> like the patient .
`` Oh , I did have to solve it ! ''
Currently , Kevin is a parent loving and active member of society .
It speaks openly about the events that day and their depression with the hope that their story to inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , theft of the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most people who were suicidal , or those who consider suicide , would n't think of anyone else .
They just want your own pain .
Usually , this is actually achieved only three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and the suicide calls around the bridge .
From those incidents that I 've been directly involved with , I 've just lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour .
During that time , I was holding my hand in three times .
At the end flash , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact that bridge is not going to be <unk> .
In addition , these few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second one , the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everyone and each of us should be striving for to do .
suicide can prevent .
There is help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but you know what you are , and a question asks you : How do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , no way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since a child .
My outside was finally consistent with my inner truth with me .
For complicated reasons , that I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , `` You <unk> , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that , I 'm just starting .
We all care about our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the courage to free free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin , or by the beliefs of people around us .
These are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called the epiphany .
This is mine .
I recorded as a child , at birth , because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt on my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why are you always wearing that t-shirt on your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how to <unk> .
The gender always has been considered a unchanging , but now we know that , really , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to tell you my story , not because I thought it 's going to be a bad thing , but why the world deals with those of us who want to free free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have Mom , dad and a family who will embrace me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu god , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines of the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember this beautiful woman came up to me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when he was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she would die she was responsible for tuition and costume fees . And that night , I won in the bathroom I won in the <unk> , and he won a third finalist between over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was queen of <unk> women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of homeless , especially when we traveled to remote provinces in the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they passed my application for the green card that I could go to live in the U.S .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know , if you tell America , you can change the name and the gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two `` and '' to my name .
She 's also accompanied by Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand do the most <unk> , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to be done before the name and the gender .
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at a driving license with the name <unk> and the `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means power or power to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly my fears were <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who was living his truth , but , <unk> , put his life back .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our rates of suicide are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November , we make a global vigil by the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage , because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Honduras .
Today , right now , I 'm leaving the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , or fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there 's no longer before 20 than November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Yes , first , thank you , first , thank you all .
My support network , my parents , especially , to my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been trans young women , who I 've invested , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that their parents could n't embrace it , I took the phone , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just identity identity , that 's what 's at the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we 're all assigned to a gender at birth , and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that assignment wo n't be block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope you all are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal societies in many patriarchal and tribal societies , parents often know about their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign by defending their rights in 2007 , and when he was <unk> his efforts in 2011 , the <unk> National Prize for peace , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in the patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when we were born a girl , their birth is not celebrated .
It 's not welcome , not for his father , not for his mother .
In the neighborhood , the neighborhood comes up to the mother and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a little girl .
When I give birth to the first girl , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , the newborn daughter , when it grows , it 's also suffering .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it stays at home and the school admits his siblings .
Until the age of 12 , in some way , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when he comes into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , they were thrown out of his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It turns into the honor of his father and his brothers and his family and her family , and if you were to hold the code of that honor , you could even kill it .
And it 's interesting that this kind of honor code , it does n't just affect the life of a girl , also affects the life of the male male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of honor .
And there 's a standard of patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepting their father 's decisions and mother and decisions from the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or if the marry with an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If the very young marry , he has to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet : `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children .
And this vicious circle continues and continues .
I <unk> brothers and sisters , when <unk> was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I was really honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated with a feisty <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> de <unk> , and he called my daughter that way .
But when I looked around , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I plotted a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half and a half and a half and a half years , the <unk> in my school .
You might ask , why should I to mention the admission of a girl in a school ?
Yes , I have to mention it .
You can give it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in patriarchal societies , it 's a great event for the life of a child .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
An admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they 'd be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I was going to take the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason that we value my daughter .
What my father could n't give my sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
I put it to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
They encouraged him to go to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to <unk> him on their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to <unk> .
I 've run all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , <unk> for more rights for women , and <unk> to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all the political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls were banned to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , <unk> girls and the singers killed .
<unk> millions , but a few talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people that kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , I got up and got up in the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he offered a <unk> for the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It was <unk> like a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and October 9 , 2012 , he was shot in his head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a great black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between my life and death , I whispered back to my wife , `` Should I get my wife to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please , do n't give you .
<unk> the right cause .
You get your life in play for the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and join you .
They were both on the right path and God protecting it . ''
These few words would be a lot for me , and I did n't ask to ask again .
When <unk> was in the hospital and he had severe and strong pains of head because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was <unk> by the face of my wife .
But my daughter never complained .
It used to tell us , `` I 'm fine with my <unk> smile , and with my face .
I 'm going to be fine . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we would get <unk> .
I <unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from it how to resist the hardest moments , and I 'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any girl in 16 .
He cries when he 's not just his job .
It 's fight with his brothers , and I 'm very happy about it .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that has made so bold to <unk> so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I tell you , do n't ask me what I did .
I did n't know what I did .
I did n't cut their wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently , I 've joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work that I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did before I joined Google or outside my work there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Do you stay as smart or not ?
Does n't you be able to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide what amount to take , about more than a dozen of all chemicals , every day , since if I did nothing , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and chemical mixing , and try to get it , to follow life .
More than I 've been saved by little .
But luckily , I 've got a soul of <unk> , so I decided to do it to try to get the <unk> dose , because there really does n't exist a clear map that says it in <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was stunned by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried a dose and chemical doses for a man of 20 , and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world , and -- -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met a number of guys like this , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , so insecure , to fix a problem that I had in front of , and it just does n't happen that way .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and what they have to go through , since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do is , when I adjust these hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think about almost always in pictures , and that became my key point of reference : how to get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want , the new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes to see things like that .
They thought that the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
There are the people who challenge this idea , and there are many discussions about how the mind works , to me is simple for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to thinking and <unk> thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right now , and I have a lot of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to take these mental images , of my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a director of film would be able to use their imagination just to drive the world that has the front ?
Or if a musician could get the music of your head ?
There 's incredible possibilities with this , as the way the creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty in achieving this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments that were done by two leading groups in neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , functional MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan made by <unk> <unk> and their Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person 's brain looking at an image .
The middle column shows the scanning of that same individual as a picture , looking at that same image .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the content of the central column on the left , and it looks like the difference is almost about .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between looking at an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost .
Now , let me share with you to share another experiment . This is from Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They managed to turn the brainwaves into unignorable visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while their brains were going to build up to create a large <unk> of the brain video sequences .
And then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while they 're so excited a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain data from the scanning brain information to show what seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right side you can see the <unk> of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This told us .
We 're all right near it .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember that when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you create the same mapping .
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of the most resolution systems available today , and its resolution became a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution of a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are a lot of techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer myself to that .
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques , and I do n't know , and I 'm going to have the recent MRI result , first we have to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the path ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets <unk> only offer small improvements in resolution , not increases by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> , <unk> , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , on the transmitters and receivers , in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform field , we have <unk> magnetic patterns in which the FM radio frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM processing patterns , we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the <unk> fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We will be able to push our ideas in a direct way to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go above language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be capable of ?
And how are we learning how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are great questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a few more options than open this door .
So anyway , take a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have <unk> .
Your closet may be telling some person for the first time you love her or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have made in life .
Everything is a difficult conversation , and even though our subjects can change tremendously , the experience of I have lived and have come out of that closet is universal .
It 's fear , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't get my armpits , to quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And it 's got that because of the <unk> of my pants short , and I had my head <unk> , I would just ask a little kid , `` Hey , you 're a kid or girl ? ''
And he would appear to be uncomfortable on the table .
I got my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a <unk> .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'll go through it .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
He should have that difficult conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time was ready , and she was about to walk in with women 's issues at the table , and I had the quotes of Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem quotes .
And even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that would show .
So I took a deep breath and down the look , and my back , a four year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at me who 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question , `` Are you a kid or girl ? ''
And so I took a deep breath , I went through a lot of it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and I have a kid , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more than a girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl stares at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajama is purple and he has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was , just , `` Oh , when you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the most easy conversation that I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl from the <unk> and I , both , was honest one with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some anecdotes in my life , and yes , my walls used to be a rainbows .
But in the dark , you ca n't know what color the walls are .
You just know how one feels like a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why to go out of my closet was more difficult to get out of yours , but this is the issue : the hard thing is not relative .
The difficult thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who 've laid on a broken banking is more difficult than telling him to be fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell you is more difficult than telling your five-year-old , you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult one , there 's only the hard thing .
We have to stop classifying what 's hard to do with what difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet , and we have to just feel empathy because we all live something difficult .
At some point in our lives , we all live on cabinet , and they can make them feel safety , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , I had a horse tail , a dress and <unk> shoes .
I was not militant lesbian to fight any child in four years to go into coffee .
I was frozen because of fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade , and moving only one muscle is the scariest thing I ever ever did .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my whole life trying to do n't be disappointed , and now the world was turned around purpose .
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long , but if you do n't toss that grenade , you 'll kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was at my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time a lot of guests between guests knew that I was gay , and by doing my lady from honor to honor , in my black dress and heels , I walked around the tables , and I finally got to one where my parents were my parents , people who were known to me .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay narrative was started .
`` <unk> , you 've ever been in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` Do you know , you know , my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and he has never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV program ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace .
And you know who love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but in waiting to show that I 'm desperately going to show her , to get me to know that I was from my side , finally said , `` Well , sometimes my husband is using pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it could have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realizing the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask someone , but do they struggle ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
It 's like that the hard conversations are still not my strong point .
Ask to ask anybody with those who I have come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the Girl de <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but you understand that what 's going to get out of anything is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
<unk> armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others need to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be straightforward . Just <unk> . <unk> your patches .
You know , they 're gay , <unk> .
If they say to their parents , maybe they might be gay , they will maintain the hope that it could change .
They wo n't give you a sense of hope .
And number three , and more importantly , let 's give them complex .
You communicate your truth .
It 's never going to be confused by that .
And some of you can get injured , and you can get hurt by what they 've done , but I never know about what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark closet would take a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And you might feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , an productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` the question of whether a machine might think is as interesting as a sub can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so some years ago , I took up a program to try and understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
Let 's go back a step back .
Let 's start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , that you know nothing about Earth 's biology or neuroscience of Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long telescopes , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know the reason that we are trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept about the Earth 's intelligence , you would have forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , even right now , the asteroids that we would take on the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I did several years ago , I studied a variety of topics through science , through various disciplines , which were picking , I believe , towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately accurately in development for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we bring the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and <unk> them together , asked , for a number of years now : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're looking at is probably the closest equivalent of an E = <unk> for intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping the choice open , with an T force , with the diversity of possible future future , yes , to a imminent future of future .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like caught up .
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keeping the choice open .
And so , by considering this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How <unk> is it ?
Did you look at the level of human intelligence ?
Do you learn artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' in their life , they should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection to <unk> between entropy and intelligence would have a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior does n't do with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually it comes straight from it ?
To find out , we developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize entropy , long-term entropy production in any system that you find within .
Surprisingly , <unk> could be multiple tests of animal intelligence , play human games , and even making money by trading money , all of it without having been told to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human standing , you see , here we see balancing balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave it a goal .
He just decided to keep the pole balance .
This skill ability will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , like some other animals , they can cooperate pulling away opposite opposite of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can make a version of that task model .
This ability to cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
So for example , here 's successfully playing a game of real estate against itself , <unk> their potential for play .
So here we 're going to be able to put new connections into a social network where your friends are constantly laughing and keeps the network well connected .
This same <unk> capability also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> to organize the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world 's way from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applied to problems in defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and running a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated series of negotiation negotiation , successfully increase assets under exponentially .
This risk management skill will have vast applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the use of the term , the play `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you were smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
Machines looked against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in the reverse .
It 's not that the machines are getting smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the urge to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control , rather than the other way around .
Another important consequence is the search for the goal .
And I 'm often asked , `` How is it that you 're looking for goals come from this kind of framework ?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be viewed as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We are at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth goes into in the context of the universe .
Now , NASA 's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points to Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope which measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
Data picked up by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there is between them and their mother star .
And together , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and feces like the planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure of potentially habitable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
June 2014 , it was the hottest recorded .
<unk> ice and sea ice that have been with us for us since years now are disappearing for decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused global scale have surpassed our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not a scientific scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You might say , I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more we look for planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the earlier planet discovered and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the Sun , it can be considered a world that is potentially habitable shown that this is a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' track its surface to seek out of the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit it , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their <unk> .
Companies are now offering not just short space flights but also the possibility of living on Mars .
But despite the fact that all these <unk> images remind us of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and pioneer ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that are still up to colonize , places that are really <unk> on comparison to Mars .
Even in the driest and warmer places on Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen by going through our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets can get a big , sad shadow of it : the implication and the belief in some of us that Mars will expect to save us from this single planet self-destruction that we know is truly habitable , the Earth .
So , for a lot that I like to look at the nearest exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to reflect humanity is just as imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the <unk> party will actually be a place later in your life boats . Thank you .
But the goals for buying exploration , and the preservation of land do n't exist .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like aliens .
It 's just a little bit closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain these habitable spaces , in the hostile and Medicaid areas of land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : the paradox of Fermi .
A lot of years ago , the physicist Enrico Fermi asked me , when you realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we expect many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , one possible solution to the Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough technologically to consider living between stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that build this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only the consuming will save us from ourselves , but the planetary preservation and the joint exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to refer to the hostile environments of Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the most easy task to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I <unk> my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window they were at the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other door and windows , and all of these were fine .
I thought to call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend 's friend 's friend to spend night because I had one early flight to Europe to the next morning , and I 'll stop my passport and my suitcase .
It 's expensive , but sure that it did n't more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was okay .
I 'm a neurologist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It liberates cortisol that increases your heart rate , <unk> your adrenaline levels and <unk> the thought .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in place , which would be able to make bad things happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you 're going to make the probability of it a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about it , but up to a month later my thoughts did n't get out .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , winner of the Nobel Prize , and a bit embarrassed about him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I 'd been practicing something called retrospective hindsight .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years earlier , known as <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there is a disaster , a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong . Right ?
In <unk> , as Danny explains Danny , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong , then try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about is some things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , they <unk> a place for things that are lost easily .
This sounds like common sense , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to make track of the location of the important things , where it 's good , where the fish are , that places <unk> trees , where tribes live and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> in the <unk> of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone actually did the experiment , they cut off the <unk> sense , and they still could find their nuts .
They were n't using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that are moving a lot .
This is the reason to lose keys from the car , reading glasses and passports .
So , at home , you 'll take a place for the keys , a hook along with the door , maybe a plate of decorative plate .
For his passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading goggles , a particular table .
If you get a place , and they 're <unk> with it , it 's always going to be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take your cell phone picture a picture of your credit card , license , <unk> , <unk> to themselves for themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we will not be at the best moment , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all going to be in that situation , having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this would be <unk> as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take from that they would benefit a rational assessment of facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You know , high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about the <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most intractable drugs in the world today , and it 's even likely you know people who take them .
So you 're just thinking , `` Yes , <unk> the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do , then , a statistic that you have to ask that most physicians do n't want to talk about , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number needed to treat .
And what is this , <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to have a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't tell me something if I was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the medical fault , and if it 's to blame someone , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of the drugs are only about 30 to 50 percent of people .
So the number needed to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , which is what you think is ?
How many people have to take it before you help a person ?
300 .
This according to the research of researchers who are cynical <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> by <unk> .
I explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before you avoid one single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now , you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of <unk> my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistic more , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects occur in five percent of the patients .
And those include things , terrible things : debilitating to muscle pain and articulate , <unk> pain , but now they think , `` Five percent are not likely to happen to me , still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
You remember , under stress you do n't think about it .
So , think of how to do this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to be harmed by the drug that will help you the drug .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say they must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not .
Now you 're probably thinking that I 've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash , but actually this number needed to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that 's more done in the top of 50 , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number needed to treat is 49 .
This is 49 surgeries for a person who has helped them .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include the helplessness or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence were starving .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects of that 50 percent of the effects that are only a year or two .
So the idea of the <unk> is to think before time , the questions that you can ask you to take the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this stuff in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , you want a more <unk> life of pain , or a longer life that could be much pain at the end ?
These are the things that they speak and think of now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change the opinion in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at that point is that you turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , it 's not necessary to the digestive system , or the <unk> or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism on those things , it does n't react fast . You could get the lunch lunch , so none of that matter .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those stress moments is the logical thought , as Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we all are failing .
We 're all going to fail when .
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be , to put the systems in the place that will help us to minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things in the first place .
I went through the snow in Montreal in Montreal , when I went back from my journey , my contractor set up a combination of combination with the door , with a key to the front door , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I have n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not quite organized , but I see the organization like a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means <unk> .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to touch more gently .
Two , the <unk> , even more soft .
Four <unk> , extremely soft .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and it looks like it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of ' I should have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over the decade of 1800 , and over the time , he mixed with local signs , and it developed the language we know today as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , I 'm now realizing that it 's not true for anything .
Sound is a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a sound world , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify the sound .
And I 'm a learner , and I 'm going to make sure that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise when you eat the potato chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , you do n't scratch the covered in the dish . ''
I call this `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm so <unk> of the sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound , which is about coming then .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see the <unk> has no notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and blobs .
In the culture , the movement is equivalent to the sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , to make it with my thumb , that does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings , I have four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked as <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from somewhere else , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was an auditory .
Now sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to make me more about art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it does n't just experiment through your ears .
I can feel it in the touch , or I can experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything I had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> it .
I started to create a new job of work .
And when I introduced it to the artistic community , I was struck with the amount of support and attention that I got .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In my mind , I always felt that sound was alien , it was some of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that well I could do it to me and my artistic work , or I could empower it .
I chose to <unk> me .
There 's a mass culture around language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is as if I did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and to become my voice .
In that way , I 'm able to be relevant in the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers from <unk> .
And their voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , in order to borrow their voices , I 'm able to keep a temporary way of value from something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If it wo n't continue to go with this practice , I feel that I could do it in oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on paper .
And the same thing can be said to a concept in <unk> .
The two are very hot and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect everything as much as the sounds of the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you can understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
The <unk> divides in many different <unk> parameters .
If you <unk> a parameter of every finger while the piano is playing , like facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed of the body , the shape of the hand , and so while the piano is playing , the English is a linear language , as if you 're just going to get a key at the time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , they need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a concept of clear or idea in <unk> .
If just a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens with music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the <unk> signal .
This is the <unk> sign .
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> yourself .
Oh , I 'm <unk> .
Uh , oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , good !
So , I started thinking , and if I see <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign and <unk> it over and over again , it could become like a piece of visual music .
So for example , this is the `` Day sign , '' the sun comes out and put it up .
This is `` all day . ''
If you <unk> it and <unk> the speed , visually , it looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can say , `` All night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights : `` Last night , '' `` Last night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how the time is expressed in <unk> and how distance your body can express the changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present becomes closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is , `` A long time ago . ''
Then , `` past . '' `` <unk> , '' and the last , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once , `` Once . ''
`` Common time '' is a musical term with a <unk> rate of four times a compass .
However , when I look at the word `` common time , '' I think automatically at `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right hand , E : left hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ <unk> : <unk> , <unk> paw ] [ on ] [ unclear ] [ unclear ] [ unclear ] [ on ] [ unclear ] [ on ] [ unclear ] [ on ] [ unclear ] [ on ] [ unclear ] [ on ] [ <unk> ] [ <unk> ] [ <unk> ] [ <unk> ] [ <unk> ] [ <unk> ] [ <unk> ] [ ``
Can you do it with me ?
Everybody with high hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in the head , like the chest , something like `` common time '' or `` the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the languages of signs across the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please stick me back .
And again .
It 's `` enlightenment . ''
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` enlightenment . ''
Good job everyone .
Look at how three signs are very similar . They all occur in the head and the chest , but they convey very different meaning .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because <unk> does n't have sound , automatically does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what is the social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> . You do n't have to hear to learn music .
The <unk> is a rich treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to try to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
Denise <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would tell me , `` You can get everything , but then you have to clean up . ''
Freedom means responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a bubble of ignorance , I have to say , because adults would lie to protect us from the awful truth .
When I get older , I found out that adult adults also , and they 're not very good at cleaning each other .
Time , now I 'm an adult and teach people and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait for a lot to my students as a walk on the beach with lots of crap .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and no , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if you 're , I did n't get it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans are plastic .
It 's kind of scary .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and the classify and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those big boats .
So along with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream out to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We 're starting to build this <unk> table so that the <unk> kids can also participate as well .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools are cool and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I leave it to my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to figure out what we hope to work .
We decided that instead of collecting plastic , plastic , just <unk> information .
Through the use of a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get a lot of a lot of the robots a lot very excited .
And then we created quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in creating prototypes that we ended up with lunch .
And we turn light bulbs and web cameras , and we stitch them into a floating robot that will move slowly by the water and the plastic that we have , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see the chunks of plastic floating through the sensor while the computer on board process , while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a estimate of how much plastic in the water .
And I 'm going to take this invention step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone makes it better .
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , boom , they 're trying to figure out immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very informed children .
You see the news , they get the Internet , and they 're going to get together with this picture .
One child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up an oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water in which they bathe , the water where they are stored , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil are also brown color and when everything mix , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of a pen that can burning through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
And we had this prototype with a sensor , and we send it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or looking at a local problem , my students used its empathy and their sense of creativity to help the other children .
I can investigate a problem at a distance , and I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , maybe address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half the French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it took several giant waves , called tsunamis tsunamis , and these tsunamis destroyed a number of cities on the coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima , a nuclear station near the water .
And today , according to the average reports about 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of <unk> pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation from Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation is disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , is blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year since the crash and research independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring kids out .
Of course we do n't have them , the parents did not allow him .
But every night we reported to the control center -- you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take work seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with their entire life .
Together with them we discuss the data , we discussed that day , and we talked about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created a map of elevation , we introduced pigments to represent real-time data in the radioactivity , and we 'll get water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a <unk> estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear power to date .
We zoom in to a mile from the nuclear power , and with the help of fishermen from the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a tracker tracker as we invent and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it has been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We have n't even begun to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became a small way so much , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where kids ' dreams can become reality with adult assistance , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age , transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electric vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two domes domes , two <unk> cultures .
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel , the other one of one silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is about the environment , the other thing creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that was going to be free .
The <unk> was a tool by Michelangelo .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we took all the information that required it by every cell to work and replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by extracts of manufacturing and production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think their objects like <unk> from discrete parts of different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin <unk> <unk> .
The <unk> skins are thicker with little pores .
One acts mostly as filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that gradually changes its functionality through variation of elasticity .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my worldview , the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , is shown in the two screens after me .
My job , at the simplest level , is trying to bring these two visions of the world , moving from assembly and going to growth .
You probably wonder : Why now ?
Why was n't it possible about this 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools through scales , a large scale , like this robotic arm with a reach of 24 meters in diameter with a <unk> that someday not so far to print entire buildings , and graphics to <unk> made of genetically modified microorganisms than shine in the dark .
So here we 've been <unk> , an archetype of ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every opening is unique to shape the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade in Paris with <unk> <unk> . It 's like a second skin made of a single piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Along with a collaborator of 3D printing , <unk> , we printed this layer and 3D skirt between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments , allowing them to design products that fit not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the structural and the structural , and also it absorbs sound .
The professor Carter , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire me , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We put this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
And its surface , as in nature , changes its functionality not by addition to addition to addition to addition , or another assembly , but continuously continuously .
But is it the ideal nature ?
Is n't there any parts in nature ?
I did n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother would tell me stories about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was stuck and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God calls the Earth to grow a tree <unk> of fruit . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there 's no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made it grow trees with branches , cortex , <unk> and flowers .
The land created a world made of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would be the design if the objects were made of a single piece ?
Do you get a better state of creation ? ''
So we looked for the biblical material , the kind of material in the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We thought that if we could tune their properties , we could generate structures that are <unk> in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it a legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp husks , the <unk> and produced <unk> paste .
We have the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could change the properties of the material over the march and create these structures made from one material three , very , 100 percent recyclable material .
When the pieces are ready , you 're dry to find a natural shape in touch with air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms <unk> that first appeared on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the bacteria designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition from the mesh of <unk> , and if it grew even more , to windows .
A tree <unk> <unk> .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology , we have transformed a structure made of shrimp rice in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here is the best part : for <unk> objects , put in the sea , <unk> the marine life , and placed on the ground , will help grow a tree .
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the lives for <unk> trips .
To do that , we have to master bacteria and control its flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made organically and <unk> .
I like to think of synthetic biology , like the liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> metals beautiful , new biological functionalities are synthesized in very small channels .
This field is called <unk> .
We were able to <unk> our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lies in the human intestine .
One turns the light into sugar , the other consumes sugar and produce useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms , they do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution for design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help that flow through these bacteria , and that they 're going to build their function on the way .
So we started to grow these channels in the human body , and we 're going to get these channels of the material of the material that we wanted to do .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they 're <unk> more transparent channels .
This system sounds portable , when you stretch from one end to another , it takes 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as we 've chosen at TED , our first portable <unk> channels with life within clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're <unk> creatures , only half is made . ''
What if the design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that are living ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that would <unk> our skin , make it the damaged tissue and <unk> our bodies ?
Think of this as a form of editing biology .
I call this material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
Now , you know that a 3D printer actually prints material in layers .
It also knows that nature does n't do this .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home in which they were <unk> .
<unk> is not about this level of sophistication .
It does it by combining not two materials , but from two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , forming those fibers to each other .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first turns into the environment , create a structure of tension , and then it starts to get back a cocoon of compression .
The tension and the compression , the two forces of life , are manifest in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of the silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm into a flat patch , not in a box , we realized that we would <unk> a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the structure of cocoon , was transmitted directly by the environment .
It 's often <unk> the silk worms to the death within their cocoons , their silk is gone and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
It <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climb this process to the architectural scale .
We had a robot <unk> by making silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that the silk worms are <unk> into the dark and cold areas , so we use a solar diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays from light and heat , distributing the silk worms over the structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
<unk> worms from silk to a silk farm .
And after they feed four weeks , they were ready to get back to us .
We put them very carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and while <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you get to biological silk on <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion to integrity .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 4,000 silk worms are 2,000 miles away .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
The moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk <unk> through a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers should bring these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which takes us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature in design , which demands us , for the first time , to make us charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they were asked for the first time this ?
You can pick them up with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It has caused some kinds of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school I liked the English , the <unk> and the art and went online , and I was playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard of us .
And I generally like to test and persist anyway , for having dedicated time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of it , is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to stand up for something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get away with it , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and <unk> to <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad about me is not <unk> .
I was worried to be afraid of commitment , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something I 'd like to have asked me .
Ask yourself , where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned about culture .
We ask ourselves , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to bring cute answers in kids like , `` Be an astronaut , '' or `` being an astronaut '' or `` I want to be pirate pirate . ''
I 'll get the Halloween costume here .
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways , <unk> . <unk> , to high school students , the question you 're going to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It happens to be the cute exercise of before the dream takes us .
Why ?
Now , if this question inspired kids to dream about what they might be , it 's not inspired by dreaming of everything that might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer with 20 different things , even though they 're good meant maybe you might have laugh and say , `` Oh , what a nice thing , but you ca n't be skilled and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Jobs and he 's a artisan and <unk> craftsman .
And this Amy Ng , he turned into <unk> , <unk> , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life focused is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real vocation , the idea that each one of us has something to be doing during this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and I 'll spend your life to it .
But if you 're someone who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone in that frame .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And to feel there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for this .
It could help if you divide in three parts , multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms of <unk> the same idea , as scholar , <unk> .
During the age of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was well <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's have any term you like or hold your own .
It seems like a sort of interaction to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you have to beat .
But what I 've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here 's three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel expressed his interests shared in cartography , visualization of data , travel , math and design , when he found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically <unk> jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this idea that was unique by his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
There comes the new ideas .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second superpower superpower is learning fast .
When we 're interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because it has been many times in the past , and this means that we are less afraid of testing new things and come out of our comfort spots .
Many skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new area that we 're looking at , so we rarely start zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
As a little girl , I had an amazing capacity to develop the muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest known one .
Before he turned into a writer , he was a planner , <unk> .
He had to learn the very best sales mechanics when they were starting their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what you 're attracted to , even if we end it up .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower superpower is adaptability . That is , the ability to turn into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , a web designer , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
<unk> Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which we really thrive .
<unk> of ideas , quick learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills that they might lose if they 're stressed out to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging people to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need conventional creative thinkers to address them .
Let 's say they 're , in your heart , specialists .
They <unk> from the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong in you either .
In fact , some of the best teams make a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas , and the <unk> provides a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're going to do with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , the <unk> in a lot of them are encouraging them to just be more like their <unk> partners .
Once said this , if there 's one thing that you take from this talk , I hope it 's this : <unk> with the internal wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then it 's a heart specialist .
That 's where you give the best of it .
But to <unk> them in the room , including those who have been aware of being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , <unk> with their many passions .
Keep his curiosity for those <unk> .
Let 's look at intersections .
And we <unk> our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us .
Thank you .
In the 1901 year , a woman named <unk> took her to a sanitarium in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> and could n't remember the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but she was <unk> by her until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found strange plates and winding onto the <unk> brain of a guy who had never seen before .
The even more surprising thing .
If you were able to have been alive today , we could n't give it more help than the <unk> of the <unk> gave years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Of course , medicine has moved a lot .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , a lot of treatments for HIV , AIDS for HIV , <unk> , to <unk> them and much more .
But little has been made in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's disease for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million across the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million that , by the way , include many of you .
If you expect to live to 85 or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one in two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that you have to spend their years with Alzheimer 's disease or helping to take care of a friend or loved Alzheimer 's disease .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of health care is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and its costs will increase an increase in five times in 2050 , as the generation of the <unk> boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it has been done relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world , Alzheimer 's the only you ca n't prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less of the Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases , because we spend less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more year in cancer research than in Alzheimer 's disease despite the fact that we have more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a <unk> number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what little people know , but everyone should know , Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can treat it .
For most of the last <unk> years , everyone , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's aging .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only a picture of a healthy aging brain compared with the actual physical damage to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to unleashed a severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's disease is significantly life expectancy and it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's plates found plates and <unk> in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For nearly a century , we did n't know much about this .
Today we know are made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper to fold as an origami .
There are places on the paper they 're being <unk> .
And when it folds up fine , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky dots left outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> each other , forming groups that can form big plates and winding .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's brain .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and identifying what we 're going to block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
You 've got a wire out there .
They can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step to it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in its most part , they have reduced the wires and waited the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , <unk> , chemists , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've been able to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
No one outside our lab has yet seen it .
Let 's look at a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have the protein molecules that stick into each other within them , like Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive outcome , but research like this sample Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After <unk> years of waiting , there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to raise that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's disease , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to know that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try it , we can <unk> .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have put more research and practiced pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward to HIV treatment in the late '80s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers , day and night , are often too close to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times , Modern New York Times , in January this year .
In love with someone , I do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience as I test it myself at night last night .
So , the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers are <unk> to get more and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you get to another person ?
And just ?
<unk> are moving along , these are getting more and more personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what you like him or her , I know this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the <unk> that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone who I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to love .
However , we fall in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the Love column , a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's now August , so I guess some of you probably are wondering : they go together ?
And the reason I think this question is because I 've been asked this question over and over again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
A week before the article were being published .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been excited to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably have a few thousand views .
And that took a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But I had no idea .
The paper was published on Friday at night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And on Sunday , I had been called Today Show and Good <unk> America .
In one month , the paper got over eight million hits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage you trust writing honestly about your own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of an international news has been , and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called it or write , what they did every day for weeks , they always asked the same question : they 're still following together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase : `` still follow together ? ''
And several messages came out immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
And even I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey <unk> where 's your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to be <unk> .
In fact , the New York Times posted a complementary article for Valentine 's , who included readers of readers when I test the study with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very confined to my own relationship .
I said no to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
I put TV interviews , and he refused orders of photos of us two .
I think I was afraid to become the icons of the <unk> of the <unk> process , a range that I did n't feel at all leaders .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was able to produce enduring love , not just an adventure , but real love , enduring love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , above all , people posed the wrong question .
How do you know if we would n't follow together or not , and then you would say it ?
If the answer was not , I would make the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Aron Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal zoom in between college students , using what Aron was called <unk> , progressive , reciprocal staff .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt closer to do it . Several <unk> studies also used the <unk> protocol , <unk> <unk> protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've been using it between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it between people of opposing policies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts college , and then a student came up to me and said to me , and she said to me , I tried the studio and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I : You want to say that you 're <unk> from the person who you did ?
He made a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I : But did they get better friends ?
Did you feel that they were able to get better better than try the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for , when it comes to love .
I came across the studio for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was virtually all my adult life , and he was my first real love , and he had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I turned to science .
And I did everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that to be a certain way to do the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote , but in hindsight , it seems really obvious .
I thought if I built up with romantic love knowledge , I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel like that .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably possible to demand me .
What I 'm looking for about love is a guarantee , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to keep being loved by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were all together .
The story was told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way in order to somehow mitigate some risk of risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love makes us feel wonderfully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story that question : still still together ?
And their content with an answer of yes or no .
So more than a question , I would propose to ask that let 's ask us questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who 's not ?
How do you stay in love with the stuff , and how do you know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or more , how do you live with your doubt from your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of my relationship , it 's this one , a year ago , a known and I apply a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love with , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love , it 's not the same as in love with .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote , `` Love does n't happen . ''
<unk> in love because we took the choice to be .
And I shudder to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the moment , it had n't considered everything that I was supposed to do .
I did n't think of how many times we would have both of that to make that decision , and how long I 'll have to keep making that choice without knowing before he always choice or not .
I want it to be enough to have done , and we answered 36 questions , have chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and expressed that choice on the largest newspaper in America .
But what I 've done , instead , is turning my relationship into the kind of myth where I do n't really believe .
And what I look for , and what I 'm looking for , is that that myth is true .
I want to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I actually did n't write .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he will also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian and I was raised by a <unk> , and in a way , I got like a <unk> of the forest .
Something that really affected me but something that really affected me , but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a box of wood , and he <unk> a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought some of these strange humanoid , or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and we would find out how our species were like , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
And anyway , it 's really funny because here I 'm , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go on a field trip and surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took him all the pages and I took a kind of <unk> , <unk> <unk> , the wrapped of resin and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : it somehow seemed to rise in size , as if you 're going to get the text with a magnifying glass .
So , I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I would find on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , and I can draw the same way that you 're doing about a dead piece of crime .
And I took the objects and I created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First , the botanical ones that you 'll be able to make an idea .
Then I made insects and strangers .
It was very fun to draw on the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in the human way , sculpture of resin , <unk> <unk> with drawings of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing on a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my piece of work with something very large , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the `` triptych '' inspired me , I was really inspired by `` The Garden of delight , '' from Hieronymus Bosch which is a painting in the <unk> in Spain .
You know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic painting .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of his time .
Well , the `` triptych '' -- <unk> this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
5.5 meters long .
It 's <unk> , so it 's 10 feet of composition .
It 's a little bit freaky .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going to be the world of representation , this <unk> mesh situation where they hide .
This is where the creatures with animals of animals are headed to <unk> , lists to commit suicide in <unk> mass in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; 2000 -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> <unk> , the bin Laden 's shelter , there 's all kinds of rare things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while that the other hand goes out .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a aspect of the `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go on the other side , you have an nose , like a bird summit , and it spits out cloud of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail , a snake tail that unites the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , its tail turn fire into a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go through , you know .
His tail ends up in an eye eye of <unk> made of 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards .
It takes me to my time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
It 's a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in the form of being human , and they travel in 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's getting years .
Each one is basically a <unk> of microscope that weighs 1.3 pounds of a human being stuck inside .
This has a little cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the entrance .
I 'm going to join you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick review of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and come in the head of this bizarre statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called <unk> <unk> .
Within this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio station , a museum , a school , a publishing arm that <unk> all the content that we do in the world , and a garden .
We <unk> the box and all the people inside hits each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines them who is and the box in which it 's living .
And together we get to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , from borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , and they 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when you hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect against pain , first of the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
And I 'll take a pill is the most effective system and the system is the most effective system , so that any drug <unk> effect on the body .
The downside , though , is that by <unk> any medication it gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , they serve the amount of viruses in the blood , and you 'll increase the <unk> cell count .
But they 're also known by their adverse side effects , mostly negative effects , because in time you take it to the blood stream , they 're <unk> , and worse , even for the time it takes to get to your destination , which is where it 's more important : in HIV warehouse .
These are regions of the body , like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead and does n't easily go into the bloodstream of patients who are <unk> to regular therapy with antiretroviral therapy .
However , after treatment disruption , viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life that is actually running oral .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly into the warehouse store without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for caring care and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything you can think of , including <unk> transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , which open and close to almost immediately the HIV cells to introduce drugs .
You know , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little and powerful laser <unk> on the cellular membrane of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser cuts through the cell , as the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or in Petri dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of the infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is going to the site of the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly on the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't look so much .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the complete eradication of HIV in the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of HIV research in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I have studied armed armed groups , arms organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
You card what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to understand these generators from violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent involvement to nonviolent confrontation .
I do fieldwork in the world of politics and in the library .
To understand these groups , it 's key to solving almost every conflict , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No longer .
Now it 's a conflict between the states and actors non-governmental .
For example , from <unk> agreements , between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> had signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups , and we have to have <unk> , or <unk> in any process of successful conflict .
But how do we do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know so well the reasons they fight , how they 're doing it , but nobody looks at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and political policies are connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global vision .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent scholars against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a social service network and a military device .
In the same way , the Palestinian Hamas , you know by their suicide suicide attacks , also runs the Gaza Bank from 2007 .
So these groups make more than simply shooting .
They are multitasking .
So , you know , <unk> a complex communication machine : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and strategies on social networks .
And here 's the magazine magazine , printed in English and published for recruitment .
<unk> groups are also investing in a complex fundraising fund , but by using profitable business , for example , business companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
<unk> groups also do something more : they create stronger ties with their population by investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they put professional training programs , or <unk> training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't give , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in a Afghanistan torn by war or even the beginning of the <unk> promotion , you can also understand the efforts of these groups by providing security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But in general , providing social services means filling up a vacuum , a <unk> gap , and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 , of Palestinian <unk> ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , strategy or vision in the long term .
These groups are hybrids .
They are grown in because they are <unk> gaps , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participating in violent struggle and governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated about these organizations are , we can actually <unk> them as something else .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
They were part of a territory , running all their functions , collect the garbage , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's another thing , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of nations without state and hybrids , and the weaker are the states , as in the Middle East , more in the more row and they fill that gap , the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in <unk> tools .
It 's going to take that gap of government that has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and put peace .
If you understand the armed groups better , we will understand better than incentives to offer the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can make some battles , but not peace or stability .
To make these targets we need long-term investments to fill that safety in safety , to fill that of the government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the <unk> of `` feminist '' would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'm so disturbed by a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The <unk> feminist , '' and then on interviews , people started to call me the Bad <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate goo , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth , and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women <unk> , disappointed with men and hated sex , as if that was bad .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , looks like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people at the verge that might be a feminist .
It will be labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a word taboo and disgusting .
I <unk> myself as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's just like a man .
No one wants to be that rebel woman , until you realize that it 's actually that woman , and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Eventually , as I was growing up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , a feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
<unk> the same paycheck for the same job .
We have right to travel around the world like <unk> , free or violence .
We have a right to use it and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you need to have to account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We need to have to figure out these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear , I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music , <unk> everything .
Even though the lyrics degrades to women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of yin yang is amazing .
`` Do it actually with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it , <unk> until the shell hurts . ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified by my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the housework , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> <unk> and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love fashion magazines and beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic cartoons , and I 've got absurd I have of the <unk> fairy tales .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
Let 's take this problem .
We 're going to do the conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> , historically , the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgendered women , favor of white women , <unk> , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I 'm a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're going to get it to perfection .
When we come out , we invite we , we take a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I think I 'm standing on that pedestal before I try to put me there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're just afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' because of the fear that that label means , fear not being able to fulfill the <unk> expectations .
Take for example , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> .
In the <unk> Music <unk> , on MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist . ''
It was a great show , looking at this star of pop star embracing openly feminism and to do knowing women and young men who will be a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> , cultural critics started endless arguments if <unk> was or not a feminist .
I was going to get the feminism , instead of just believing the word of a grown and mature woman .
<unk> perfection from feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need so <unk> .
We go far beyond sensible and constructive criticism , to get to the feminism of any woman , tear it up until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
<unk> feminism , or rather , a feminism , more inclusive feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We 've gone from recognizing our imperfections to account , going to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear <unk> music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they promote change actually affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why has his music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two great , and brilliant , brilliant , brilliant , and also brave , I want you to grow up in a world .
You know , you know , they 're being appreciated by the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is within as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sport , <unk> the Game of augmentation .
We can change the emitter of radio when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to film elsewhere , when movies are not treat women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting the professional sports of the professional sports where athletes treat their peers as boxing sacks .
In any case , men , especially white men , they can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't have enough enough women , so much to participate in the way to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until their publication , or its organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> but invited us to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also encourage us to be more welcome to be welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision .
Because we 're not groupers <unk> . Without these efforts , without taking these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these small acts of bravery and hope that our decisions will reach the top , to people in the power of directors and movie producers and music , CEOs , the legislators who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting change and meaningful change .
We can also tell with the courage our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad Bad '' says , `` I 'm feeling a bad feminist to do n't at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , above all , because my voice was stolen and feminism helped me .
There was an incident .
I call it incident to address what happened .
You know , you know , you know , a few kids would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I got my voice , and after I did n't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little brave , another woman might hear me and see that none of us is nothing about telling us that we are .
In a hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other one , I argue the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say , and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope we can all be a little courageous , when you need to make a courage .
Just after Christmas year last year , <unk> children in California had measles to have been watching Disneyland or by being exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , <unk> over 100 children in origin .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak were not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that worries about autism and impeached and impeached and marked to be a willful fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't the most intelligent scientists believe that vaccines cause autism is stupid .
I think most of you know , but millions of parents all around the world are still trying to stop that vaccines will put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase estimates of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard about it , they create their entire professional life , and not just see one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting .
fundraising funds like <unk> <unk> are referred to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center for Disease Control , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria '' and `` better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language is not a lot of the language of a young mother who 's looking for the face of his two-year-old son , visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had been a scale , why were they so close at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and joy of science that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism and how they discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be inhabit private worlds , <unk> people around her , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands on their face , but they were prey to panic as when they do n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , stated that I 'd seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome , as they pick up references from places as distant as South Africa .
This is not surprising , because the criteria for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , I 'm going to give you that diagnosis to give kids with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once it was <unk> that he had become nine of every 10 children sent by the other doctors to be autistic , not giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis is caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , have been kept a very carefully in a refrigerator that does n't <unk> .
At the same time , though , <unk> noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they put together in certain areas like music , math and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic might distinguish between 18 symphonies , before he turned the two years .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , affirming things like the kids were just <unk> what they 'd heard their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of <unk> that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought the theory of <unk> <unk> 's theory was quite stupid .
She and her husband John was warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called <unk> .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as no support services , no special education , and no access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for the autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years ago .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
<unk> a suburb of London called <unk> to try and find the autistic kids in the community .
What you saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the fact of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , in dinosaurs , or the genealogy of the <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit beautiful paintings and <unk> , as Judith said , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic <unk> model would have predicted .
At first , they were lost to try and make sense of their data .
How did nobody have noticed these kids before ?
But then I <unk> found a reference to a paper published in German in 1944 , the next year to the <unk> article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article in the competition , but I avoided <unk> to go on in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the <unk> husband spoke German , and he translated it for her .
The document provides an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was running an integrated clinic with a school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The Asperger 's ideas for teaching children were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with music with music , and kids kept their games for the afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's as an <unk> disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and <unk> spaces throughout the course of life .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , she called them their little teachers , and he started to help in developing methods that were especially right for them .
And fundamentally , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse array of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they have always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in archetypal of the pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He went beyond even saying , that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that <unk> was wrong when autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American <unk> Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called the autistic spectrum .
By the end of the 1980s and early '90s , their changes brought into place , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad , inclusive model .
These changes did n't fall into a broken bag .
By the time of <unk> and Judith , and Judith worked on the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult adult .
Before she went out `` Rain Man , '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the act of Dustin Hoffman as <unk> <unk> and `` Rain '' recognition like <unk> <unk> and `` Rain Man '' and fathers of everyone knew what autism was .
At the same time , they introduced the first easy clinics to use to diagnose autism .
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes on the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnostics began to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they were hoping that it was , to make people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines by the increase in diagnostics , a simple , powerful , <unk> story as the theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the estimate of the prevention center that one of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum , the autistic are one of the largest <unk> groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles to solve for the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the strains of human cognition .
A way to understand the <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a computer does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to the autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social possessions , and it suffers from a attention deficit .
No doubt , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still going to Asperger 's , who believed that the cure for the most devastating aspects of autism are in the understanding of the teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on covered to bring the boat out of humanity . ''
As we browse into an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society .
We can not afford to afford a brain .
Thank you .
